# Unity 2019.4.22

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2019.4.22

## 2019.4.22f1 Release Notes

- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### Fixes

*   2D: Fixed an ArgumentException when tangents and cache geometry are enabled on SpriteShapeController component. (1287237)
    
*   2D: Fixed an error when adding AngleRange to SpriteShapeProfile Preset that was reset before. ([1273635](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2d-spriteshapeprofile-errors-occurs-when-adding-range-on-reset-ed-preset-of-the-spriteshapeprofile))
    
*   2D: Fixed an InvalidOperationException thrown continuously on adding SpriteShapeController component to a GameObject with SpriteRenderer. ([1240514](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2d-invalidoperationexception-thrown-continuously-on-adding-sprite-shape-controller-component-to-a-sprite-object))
    
*   Android: Fixed an issue that would cause the Editor to crash when Unity Remote is used in project and Android support not installed. ([1302221](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-mono-jit-runtime-invoke-when-entering-play-mode))
    
*   Asset Import: Fixed a crash when changing IHVImageImporter Preset FilterMode value. ([1295587](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-textureutil-custom-setfiltermodenodirty-when-changing-the-filter-mode-of-a-dds-asset))
    
*   Burst: Fixed a bug where eager-compilation could pick up out-of-date global Burst menu options for compiling.
    
*   Editor: Fixed a crash when using middle mouse button in SceneView during play mode in a scene that uses meshes from asset bundles. ([1250013](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-vertexutility-copychannel-when-using-the-view-tool-on-prefabs))
    
*   Editor: Fixed shaky camera behaviour when panning from great distances. (1178711)
    
*   GI: Fixed an assertion failure due to duplicate lightprobe assests being detected during an additive scene merge. ([1211198](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/lighting-assertion-failed-on-expression-pred-star-previous-star-i-is-thrown-on-additively-adding-a-new-scene-to-a-baked-scene))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a Metal Graphics Jobs crash caused by an uncommitted encoder. ([1227236](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-mtlreportfailure-dot-cold-dot-2-plus-43-when-running-build-with-graphics-jobs-enabled))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue that caused pixel-like grid artifacts on MacOS Catalina with some Intel graphics cards in the Scene View and Prefab view. ([1255995](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/metal-mac-artifacts-appear-in-prefab-mode-if-metal-editor-support-is-enabled))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue where calling RenderTexture.ReleaseTemporary and then RenderTexture.GetTemporary could cause invalid load/store actions if the RenderTexture was active before being released. ([1279714](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/metal-ios-using-graphics-dot-blit-on-temporary-rendertexture-results-in-different-output-textures-on-ios-device-and-editor))
    
*   Graphics: Removed extra spacing added to some fields in the inspector. ([1235884](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/there-are-inconsistent-margins-between-position-rotation-and-scale-properties-in-the-transform-component))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed a build error copying baselib.dll.lib when generating a Visual Studio project with IL2CPP. ([1307512](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/copying-baselib-dot-dll-dot-lib-fails-when-scripting-backend-is-il2cpp-and-create-visual-studio-solution-is-enabled))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed a C++ compile error that can occur when a constrained call that returns a generic struct is followed by a stloc, with certain generic constraints. ([1310304](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/il2cpp-fails-to-build-with-conversion-error-error-c2440))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed an exception when converting a void method with a reqmod or optmod modifier. ([1293309](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/il2cpp-fails-to-build-when-init-ancessor-is-used-in-c-number-9))
    
*   macOS: Fixed an issue that caused a duplicate "Replace" dialog when building iOS target. ([1265065](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-cannot-append-build))
    
*   Mobile: Fixed issues where skin temperature was used on Game SDK 1.5 devices instead of PST to send initial temperature warning when devices are hot.
    
*   Networking: Fixed a possible division by zero in UploadHandlerFile. ([1308017](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-when-attempting-to-upload-a-0kb-file-via-webrequest))
    
*   Networking: Fixed an issue that caused UploadHandlerFile.progress to only report 0 or 1. ([1308013](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unitywebrequestasyncoperation-dot-progress-is-returned-as-an-integer-instead-of-a-float-value))
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue that occured when the project manifest and the lock file were checked out after a UPM operation even though they were unchanged. (1263363)
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue where Package Manager was asking for writable access when opening a project even though it only needed read access. ([1263378](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/packman-package-manager-resolver-asks-for-writable-access-when-opening-a-project-even-though-it-only-needs-readable-access))
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue where the project manifest and lock file weren't checked out when they are made writable by Package Manager upon opening a project while upgrading project. ([1263362](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/packman-files-arent-checked-out-when-they-are-made-writable-by-package-manager-upon-opening-a-project))
    
*   Profiler: Fixed an issue to stabilize the sorting of identically named threads in the Profiler CPU Timeline view. ([1283571](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cpu-timeline-view-mode-in-profiler-window-starts-flickering-when-there-are-more-than-16-identically-named-thread-items))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed an issue where Application.wantsToQuit was not being raised before OnApplicationQuit in the Editor. ([1261125](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/onapplicationquit-method-is-called-before-application-dot-wantstoquit-event-is-raised))
    
*   Serialization: Fixed an issue in Custom PropertyDrawer containing fields inside a managed array of polymorphic classes. ([1232538](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/custompropertydrawer-does-not-get-the-correct-value-when-multiple-elements-used-the-same-attribute-in-collection))
    
*   Serialization: Fixed an issue with the delay of the OnAfterDeserialization call on objects referenced by serializedreference until all serializedreference objects had been instantiated. ([1245749](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/serializereference-deserialization-callbacks-are-not-called-properly))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed an issue that caused an editor crash due to unlucky timing when a shader compiler process is being killed.
    
*   Shaders: Fixed an issue where the "end of shader compiler log" printing to the editor log would crash when the compiler log was very small.
    
*   Shaders: Fixed shader compiler communication instability. ([1314994](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/build-for-directx12-fails-due-to-shader-compiler-erros))
    
*   UI: Fixed an issue where adjusting the canvas rendering size to render a custom camera render would cause scaling artifacts. ([1301378](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ugui-in-texture2d-is-different-than-in-the-game-view-when-calling-totexture2d-method-on-a-rendertexture))
    

### API Changes

*   XR: Added: Updated XR Plug-in Management to 4.0.1.

### Improvements

*   Android: Dynamic resolution when using Vulkan now only supports scale factors in 5% steps to improve performance when switching resolution.
    
*   Scripting: Improved documentation for Application.isPlaying.
    
*   XR: Updated AR Foundation package dependencies to XR Management 4.0.
    
*   XR: Updated MagicLeap XR Plugin package to 4.2.2.
    
*   XR: Updated Oculus XR Plugin package to 1.8.1. Version 1.5.1 was also updated for anyone needing to build for Gear VR and/or Go.
    
*   XR: Updated WindowsMR to version 2.6.1.
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.4 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build