# Unity 2023.1.0 Alpha 14

https://unity3d.com/unity/alpha/2023.1.0a14

## New 2023.1.0a14 Entries since 2023.1.0a13

- [Features](#features)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [New 2023.1.0a14 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a13](#new-202310a14-package-changes-since-202310a13)
- [Packages updated](#packages-updated)


### Features

*   2D: Added API to allow Sprite to get and set references to ScriptableObjects.
    
*   Editor: Added Stage, Scope, and Dynamic information to keywords for the Frame Debugger.
    
*   Editor: Enabled adding a shortcut to enable/disable a capture for the Frame Debugger.
    
*   Editor: Enabled connection to Perforce servers using accounts with MFA.
    
*   Editor: Enabled copying a foldout or an entire event for the Frame Debugger.
    
*   Editor: Enabled seeing the Original and Used shaders in an event for the Frame Debugger. Useful for events that are using USEPASS or falling back to an assigned fallback shader.
    
*   Editor: Enabled setting the minimum and maximum values for the Levels slider for the Frame Debugger.
    
*   Editor: Enabled viewing the individual meshes in a SRP Batch inside the Mesh Preview for the Frame Debugger.
    
*   Editor: Split texture format for the Frame Debugger into two fields: Color Format and DepthStencil Format.
    
*   Networking: Added new Dedicated Server Standalone player options to assembly definition exclude/include platform lists.
    

### Improvements

*   DX12: D3D12MemoryManager optimization. Reduced work amount.
    
*   Editor: Added Volumetric Material samples.
    
*   Editor: Frame Debugger: Arrays are now displayed inside the window instead of using a popup.
    
*   Editor: Frame Debugger: Holding down Shift or Alt buttons while clicking a foldout triangle will now open/close them all.
    
*   Editor: Frame Debugger: Scope values changed from v/f/g/h/d to vs/fs/gs/hs/ds.
    
*   Editor: Frame Debugger: Shader Properties are now sorted by property names.
    
*   Editor: Frame Debugger: Table headers added to properties.
    
*   Editor: Reduced the time taken by AssetDatabase.FindAssets when used with a custom filter, speeding up domain reloads and other editor operations that made the poor choice of calling this function in the first place.
    
*   Editor: The 2 by 3 layout now defaults to one column view for the project browser.
    
*   N/A (internal): Added orderedTestList argument support for UTF in UTR.
    
*   VFX Graph: Reduced the time taken by VFXGraph.CheckCompilationVersion that would previously potentially query all assets on every domain reload.
    

### API Changes

*   Editor: Added: Added Gizmos.CalculateLOD API to allow Gizmo lodding and fading.
    
*   Editor: Added: Added public API for ChannelService.DispatchMessages.
    

### Changes

*   Editor: Stop icon now used by exit PlayMode button.
    
*   Universal RP: Messages regarding reducing resolution for additional punctual lights are now only displayed in debug builds.
    

### Fixes

*   Core: Fixed slow native memory leak when in Playmode caused by the temp memory allocator not flushing correctly when requested. Previously leaving Playmode running could result in Out of Memory if left running for hours. ([UUM-12094](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/urp-builds-leak-memory-at-a-0-dot-1-mb-slash-sec-rate))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   Editor: Enabling shader keyword pre-filtering so that build process does not have to enumerate through full shader variant space. This fixes the issue of URP builds even with warm shader cache taking really long time. This fix does not reduce the time spent on actually compiling shaders. ([UUM-3711](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shader-variant-build-preparation-does-not-scale))
    
*   Editor: Fixed a bug where the shader variants with terrain holes were incorrectly getting stripped when the user used the builtin renderer, but had included shader graph in the project. (UUM-11426)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a2._
    
*   Editor: Fixed a memory issue where an object could be accessed after it has been freed. (UUM-12903)
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue that the SpeedTree assets now generate separate materials / LOD on user demand during import.  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where InitializeExtraData would be called in an AssetImporterEditor after a Revert for no reason. (UUM-13321)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a10._
    
*   Editor: Fixed crash on Linux inside profiler memory sampling function. ([UUM-11011](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-memory-leak-in-play-mode-with-profiler-window-open))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Editor: Fixed SceneVisibilityManager exceptions when using shortcuts with no Hierarchy window. ([1425103](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/nullreferenceexception-is-thrown-when-hiding-a-gameobject-while-the-scene-view-is-maximized))  
    _This has already been backported to older releases and will not be mentioned in final notes._
    
*   Editor: Frame Debugger: Fixed an issue where a NullReferenceException would happen when trying to open the Frame Debugger from the Profiler Window. (UUM-4088)
    
*   Editor: Frame Debugger: Fixed an issue where depth and shadow maps were not displayed in HDRP projects. (UUM-4101)
    
*   Editor: Frame Debugger: Fixed an issue where duplicate meshes would appear in the list of meshes. (UUM-4095)
    
*   Editor: Frame Debugger: Fixed an issue where the Depth buffer was incorrectly displayed after selecting DrawOpaqueObjects event. ([UUM-4087](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/framedebugger-depth-buffer-is-shown-when-drawopaqueobjects-pass-is-selected-and-an-overlay-camera-is-enabled-in-urp))
    
*   Editor: Frame Debugger: Fixed an issue where the output image would flicker when looking at DrawMesh events in URP Deferred. ([UUM-4102](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/framedebugger-flickers-when-urp-deferred-drawmesh-event-is-selected))
    
*   Editor: Frame Debugger: Fixed an issue where the window would constantly refresh when debugging a remote device. ([UUM-4096](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mobile-frame-debugger-constantly-refreshes-when-making-a-ui-update-for-frame-debug-window))
    
*   Editor: Frame Debugger: Fixed an issue with showing events that have Render Targets using MSAA. ([UUM-4100](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/framedebugger-urp-grey-image-displayed-when-msaa-is-enabled))
    
*   Editor: Windows: now you can switch to Editor Launch Screen using alt+tab.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed BRG DrawCommands bad sorting. (UUM-14236)
    
*   Graphics: Fixed sporadic editor crash caused by render surface copy when using Vulkan. (UUM-1895)
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue where having packages with a lot of versions increases domain reload time drastically. ([UUM-12670](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/memory-usage-increases-when-entering-play-mode-with-the-package-manager-window-open))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a8._
    
*   Profiler: Fixed Unity report invalid value for TSLA (Temp) allocators in memory snapshot. (PROF-2304)
    
*   Scripting: Fixed an issue where projects with Entities 0.51-preview.32 would fail to load if build target is WebGL. (UUM-14006)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   Scripting: Fixed possible Editor hang while it waits for AssemblyUpdater when importing assemblies. ([UUM-7944](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/apiupdater-reaches-a-timeout-while-updating-assemblies))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed MaskField parity issues. (UUM-3477)
    
*   Universal RP: Set default contribution to 0 for ColorLookup VolumeComponent, which makes the interpolation with the implicit default global volume behave as expected. ([UUM-12321](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/colors-majorly-change-when-the-volume-components-weight-property-value-changes-from-0-to-any-small-value))
    
*   URP: Fixed incorrect blit material set during Pixel Perfect Upscale pass.  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a9._
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed an issue that VisualEffect spawned behind the camera were always updated until visible and culled. ([UUM-6379](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vfx-vfx-is-updated-if-spawned-behind-the-camera))
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed Bounds helper compilation error. (UUM-13637)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a11._
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed compilation time increase due to DXR passes. (UUM-14869)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a10._
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed unexpected unrecognized identifier 'GraphValues' while using SG. (UUM-15183)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   VFX Graph: Forbid drag and drop of material from project browser to VFX component in scene. ([UUM-14790](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vfx-dragging-regular-material-onto-a-vfx-graph-will-override-its-own-material))
    
*   Video: Fixed virtual camera not playing due to DevicePath missing. ([UUM-3367](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/could-not-find-specified-video-device-error-when-using-webcamtexture-with-obs-virtual-camera))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   WebGL: Fixed a bug where the application's background image wouldn't appear while loading. ([UUM-8692](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/webgl-background-image-not-visible-on-the-loading-screen-when-loading-build-project))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    

### New 2023.1.0a14 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a13

### Packages updated

*   com.unity.xr.core-utils: [2.1.0-pre.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.core-utils@2.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [2.1.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.core-utils@2.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.xr.interaction.toolkit: [2.1.0-pre.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.interaction.toolkit@2.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [2.1.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.interaction.toolkit@2.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.xr.legacyinputhelpers: [2.1.9](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.legacyinputhelpers@2.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [2.1.10](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.legacyinputhelpers@2.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.netcode.gameobjects: [1.0.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.netcode.gameobjects@1.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.0.2](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.netcode.gameobjects@1.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)