# Unity 2023.1.0 Alpha 5

https://unity3d.com/unity/alpha/2023.1.0a5

## New 2023.1.0a5 Entries since 2023.1.0a4

- [Features](#features)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [New 2023.1.0a5 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a4](#new-202310a5-package-changes-since-202310a4)
- [Packages updated](#packages-updated)


### Features

*   2D: Added Sprite/SpriteShape/TilemapRenderer as mask sources for SpriteMask.
    
*   Editor: Added editor analytics event tracking for "Refresh access" and "New link..." button click.
    
*   Editor: Added rebindable shortcut possibility for GameView Stats button.
    
*   Graphics: Enabled Ray Tracing Support in Terrain settings by default for new Terrains.
    
*   Graphics: Shader Warmup can now compile pipeline state objects asynchronously.
    
*   HDRP: Path Tracer now makes use of the Ray Tracing Light Cluster.
    
*   HDRP: Volumetric material support for local volumetric fog volumes.
    
*   UI Toolkit: Added space-evenly to Justify Content property.
    
*   VFX Graph: VFX Instancing to optimize both CPU and GPU VFX runtime.
    
*   Video: PS4 and PS5 now support VideoPlayer time update mode.
    

### Improvements

*   2D: Improved performance of TilemapCollider2D. (UUM-6046)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Build Pipeline: Updated progress bar with more descriptive labels.
    
*   Documentation: Added scripting example for ObjectChangeEvents.
    
*   Editor: Console messages logged from Burst code now have clickable stacktraces.
    
*   Editor: Improved CustomAxis display in GraphicsSettings.
    
*   Editor: Improved performance of ActiveEditorTracker.
    
*   Editor: Improved performance of Selection APIs with large numbers of objects selected.
    
*   GI: Changed gaussian filter slider to move in 0.1 increments. In the C# API, int LightingSettings.filteringGauss\* properties are replaced by float LightingSettings.filteringGaussian\*. ([UUM-9703](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/increase-gaussian-filter-precision-to-0-dot-1-texel-radius-1))
    
*   Graphics: Defaulting color space to Linear in the com.unity.template.3d.
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed missing static initialization calls in static constructors on generic instances that reference different instances of the same generic type.
    
*   IL2CPP: Removed boxing for more cases of comparisons to null in value type generic instances.
    
*   IL2CPP: Removed the null check before constructor calls.
    
*   License: Refactored the license notifications and made it more robust.
    
*   Networking: Clarified an error message in the logs when attempting to build a dedicated server player without having that platform's corresponding Dedicated Server Build support module installed.
    
*   Profiler: Released Memory Profiler version 1.0.0-pre.3. See https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.memoryprofiler@1.0/manual/index.html for more information.
    
*   Shadergraph: Reduced time taken by code generation when a shader graph asset is imported.
    
*   VFX Graph: Reduced time taken by code generation when a VFX asset is imported.
    

### API Changes

*   Editor: Added: Added Core SRP editor API to add custom Burger Menu items. This functionality is also added to FoldoutGroup and AdditionalPropertiesFoldoutGroup.
    
*   Editor: Removed: Removed internal method MonoImporter.CopyMonoScriptIconToImporters (deprecated in 2021.2). See API docs for EditorGUIUtility.SetIconForObject for examples that achieve the same result using public APIs.
    
*   Shaders: Added: Added API ShaderVariantCollection.WarmUpProgressively that allows users to timeslice shader warmup across multiple frames.
    
*   URP: Added: Exposed xrPass to public so that URP users could leverage Core XRSystem API to script XR rendering.
    

### Changes

*   Animation: Added support for Physics SimulationMode and Physics2D SimulationMode2D in the Animator and Animation component.
    
*   Asset Bundles: When the Asset Bundle cache layout was changed in 2017, an automatic migration codepath was added to check for asset bundles in the old cache location and move them into the new cache, so that end users would not need to re-download the bundles just because the cache layout changed. As 5 years have now passed, it is unlikely that this automatic migration still has any value, so the behavior has been removed.
    
*   macOS: MacOS Player now requires macos 10.14+.
    
*   Text: Upgraded freetype to 2.12.1. (UUM-6502)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a2._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Added an initial integration between the Properties and UI Toolkit modules and created property bags for VisualElement.style, VisualElement.resolvedStyle and all style properties.
    

### Fixes

*   Android: Fixed an Android audio crash when targeting API Level 31 and running on an Android 12 device. Also fixed an AudioManager.GetStreamVolume exception when targeting API Level 29 or later, which caused the AudioSettings.Mobile.stopAudioOutputOnMute feature to not work correctly, if enabled. ([UUM-5652](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-resume-causes-getaudiostreamvolume-jni-exception))
    
*   Android: Fixed an issue where a directory with NDK OSX App was not accepted if it had a valid NDK root directory. (UUM-7703)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a2._
    
*   Animation: Fixed a invalid breadcrumb in Animator Window when undoing nested BlendTree creation.. ([1417429](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/blend-tree-breaks-after-undoing-nested-blend-tree-creation))
    
*   Animation: Fixed a missing controller reference issue in the undo/redo of Animation Window. ([1417425](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/animator-controller-gets-set-to-none-after-undoing-and-redoing-animation-creation))
    
*   Animation: Fixed an undo/redo of an entry state transition in the state machine issue. ([1417428](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/animator-transition-from-the-entry-state-cant-be-redone))
    
*   Animation: Fixed AnimationWindow throwing InvalidOperationException in some cases after performing Undo. ([UUM-1438](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/animation-window-undo-error-in-rec-mode-after-preview-offset))
    
*   Asset Import: Fixed import of some meshes with Blend Shape Normals set to Calculate. ([UUM-7867](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/fbx-model-breaks-when-normals-and-blend-shape-normals-properties-under-model-tab-are-set-to-calculate))
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Fixed a race condition where an asset preview might fail to become available in specific timing circumstances.
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Fixed to enable LogAsserts when working with the out of process importer.
    
*   Audio: Fixed unexpected output from OnAudioFilterRead when the audio source was stopped and the 'spatialize' property is enabled. ([UUM-6318](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/stopped-audio-souce-outputs-audio-when-the-spatialize-property-is-enabled))
    
*   Core: Fixed alignment issues in ujobs when using memset on Release builds. (UUM-9178)
    
*   Editor: Fixed a crashes in batch mode when using -vcsMode Perforce.
    
*   Editor: Fixed an API breaking change for the EditorToolAttribute constructor. ([UUM-5792](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editortoolattribute-changed-incompatibly))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where certain properties could not be excluded in the TextureImporterInspector. ([UUM-3787](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/preset-some-properties-cannot-be-excluded-from-texture-importer-preset-through-the-inspector-window))
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where SpeedTreeImporterModelEditor was throwing exception on DoMaterialsHaveDifferentShader() call when invalid SpeedTree asset was imported. (UUM-6486)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where th About window failed to show the full version after pressing "Option" (Alt on Windows) key. ([UUM-7697](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mac-about-unity-fails-to-show-full-version-after-pressing-option-key))
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where Undo dd not work when a GameObject was replaced with Prefab instance by holding Alt and dragging the Prefab and did not mark the scene as dirty. The modifier key has changed from Alt to Ctrl on Windows and Linux and Cmd on OSX. (UUM-2264)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Editor: Fixed contents of GridSelection in the Inspector window, when the Select Tool is used while the Inspector and Tile Palette are docked in the same window. (UUM-7857)
    
*   Editor: Fixed crash when OnDemand scheduler tries to upload previews without accelerator connection. ([UUM-5544](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-tcpprotobufclient-endbatch-when-creating-a-prefab-and-cache-server-is-disconnected))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Editor: Fixed Edit button status of Tile Palette when editing a GridSelection. (UUM-7857)
    
*   Editor: Fixed mouse offset for dragging elements to the inspector on Linux. ([UUM-1568](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-dragging-script-to-inspector-doesnt-trigger-the-blue-indicator-when-dropping-between-components))
    
*   Editor: Fixed selection cycling regression. (UUM-9561)
    
*   Editor: Fixed the TimeManager for DragAndDropForwarding tests. (UUM-6233)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Editor: Fixed unsaved changes made to assets are now preserved when renaming an asset while using Perforce. (VCSB-20)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0._
    
*   Editor: Launch screen scaling issues resolved.
    
*   Editor: Removed disabling of field of culling mask in light components for URP and updated documentation to reflect this. (UUM-2392)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   EmbeddedLinux: Auto-detects the PluginImporter settings of native plugins placed within `Assets/Plugins/EmbeddedLinux` of a project.
    
*   EmbeddedLinux: Fixed build failures when building a project from the command-line for the first time.
    
*   GI: Fixed an issue where scene objects would lose their lighting data when they are packed into or unpacked from a prefab, and playmode is entered without first saving the scene. ([1393020](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unpacked-light-prefabs-revert-to-realtime-when-entering-playmode-without-saving-scene))
    
*   Graphics: BatchRendererGroup: Remove asset subscribers from Mesh & Materials upon deletion.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a ReadPixels issue. (UUM-2998)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue that prevented Meshes to be correctly shared between RayTracingAccelerationStructures. ([UUM-5526](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-dxr-manually-building-rtas-prevent-automatic-building-in-the-next-scene))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Graphics: Fixed crash in RecalculateBounds when called on the mesh with unloaded vertices/indices. ([UUM-7712](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/app-crashes-on-launch-when-mesh-of-object-has-read-slash-write-disabled))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed shader warning not being displayed in the Ray Tracing Shader inspector. ([UUM-8054](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ray-tracing-shader-warning-are-never-displayed-in-the-inspector))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed hard eges on volumetric clouds. ([UUM-3153](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-harsh-edges-on-default-volumetric-clouds))
    
*   HDRP: Prevent users from clicking the denoising package install button multiple times while waiting for the installation to finish. (UUM-1202)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   IL2CPP: Corrected the behavior of RuntimeInformation.OSDescription on WebGL. ([UUM-1144](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/notsupportedexception-thrown-when-calling-any-member-of-system-dot-runtime-dot-interopservices-dot-runtimeinformation-in-webgl))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixe a memory corruption that could happen when the "Faster (smaller) builds" option was used with generic types that had a generic base class with no fields, and a different base class with at least one generic field. (UUM-3066)
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed a stack overflow during code conversion when an attribute constructor uses the attribute itself. ([UUM-3907](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/il2cpp-project-with-nhibernate-library-fails-to-build-when-using-il2cpp-scripting-backend))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed a throw exception from Buffer.BlockCopy when the destination array had a non-primitive element type. ([UUM-3302](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-when-running-il2cpp-build-that-uses-system-dot-buffercopy))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed a thrown managed exception when CreateDelegate was called with a delegate type that was not generated ahead of time. ([UUM-817](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crashes-with-interfaceactioninvoker2-int-il2cppobject-star-when-launching-il2cpp-build-with-input-system))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed IL2CPP build failure when using Unbox instruction with generic by reference return type. ([UUM-5942](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/il2cpp-build-fails-when-using-an-assembly-renamed-via-sentrys-assembly-alias-tool))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed incorrect code generation for references to void\* pointers. ([UUM-4299](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/il2cpp-build-fails-when-code-has-public-ref-void-star-this-int-index-function))
    
*   iOS: Fixed an issue where the Archive option was failing on missing bitcode on iOS/tvOS. ([UUM-9413](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-archiving-an-ios-project-fails))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   iOS: Fixed embedded frameworks loosing "sign on copy". ([UUM-7653](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/embedded-ios-frameworks-are-not-automatically-signed))
    
*   iOS: Fixed resetting "no backup" flag (iOS.Device.ResetNoBackupFlag); updated "no backup" handling to use modern iOS API. (UUM-7881)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Linux: Fixed an ArgumentException while opening prefab overrides context window. (UUM-1566)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Linux: Fixed two mouse move events in one single frame by removing one pushed from gtk callback. ([UUM-1905](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-uitoolkit-pointermoveevent-is-called-twice-and-returns-two-different-delta-values-on-the-same-frame))
    
*   Networking: Fixed an issue where UnityWebRequest will not change HEAD to GET on 302 or 303 response. (UUM-7274)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Package Manager: Feature's reset button behaviour has been fixed for custom packages. (UUM-6410)
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an Keyboard navigation issue in the package manager. We can now properly use up/down, page up/down with optional shift key in asset tab. (UUM-6478)
    
*   Particles: Fixed an issue where disabling VR head roll when rendering particles from a command buffer was not supported.
    
*   Particles: Skip draw call for gpu instanced mesh particle trails if using same material as particles. (UUM-7071)
    
*   Player: Fixed splash landscape background using the wrong uv's when a portrait background was included. ([1418161](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/splash-image-is-very-zoomed-in-when-an-alternate-image-for-portrait-mode-is-available))
    
*   Player: Fixed Unity splash screen logo not including mipmaps which would reduce quality of the logos appearance.
    
*   Prefabs: Fixed after 'Apply All' is clicked in the overrides window then properties are still shown as overriden. (UUM-6917)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Prefabs: Fixed the canvas layout order in the prafab's context and isolation mode. ([UUM-3458](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/order-in-layer-does-not-work-when-previewing-in-prefab-mode))
    
*   Profiler: Fixed crash in Linux Editor when toggling Standalone Profiler recording on and off. ([UUM-7877](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-editor-crashes-when-toggling-standalone-profiler-recording-on-and-off))
    
*   Profiler: Fixed Standalone Profiler recording Play mode data while Editor is in Edit mode. ([UUM-2160](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/standalone-profiler-records-play-mode-data-while-editor-is-in-edit-mode))
    
*   Profiler: Remove deprecated functionality in the Memory Module, which is replaced by the Memory Profiler package. (UUM-6732)
    
*   Scene/Game View: Fixed an issue where activeLayout property for Overlays were not exposed (1419915)
    
*   Scripting: Fixed an issue where assembly validation errors disappear when clearing console messages. (UUM-3087)
    
*   Services: Fixed issue that would make it so that services could not be used after computer returned from sleep.
    
*   Shadergraph: Fixed the TimeManager for MaterialVariant tests. (UUM-8013)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   SRP Core: Fixed an editor drawer for Value tuples in the Rendering Debugger. (UUM-7000)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   SRP Core: Fixed an issue where Asset Icons and MonoBehaviour for SRP's where not unified.
    
*   Terrain: Fixed the following error that was thrown: "EndLayoutGroup: BeginLayoutGroup must be called first" when selecting a .raw file to import as a Heightmap due to an error with IMGUI.
    
*   Text: Fixed an issue where unselecting, double clicking and triple clicking text fields did not produces reliable and expected behaviour.
    
*   TLS: TLS: Underlying TLS implementation updated to address CVE-2021-44732 and CVE-2021-45450. (UUM-3245)
    
*   uGUI: Fixed the NullReferenceException when using Tile image types with a sprite atlas being omitted from build. ([UUM-4340](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/nullreferenceexception-is-thrown-on-ui-dot-image-dot-generatetiledsprite-when-image-type-is-set-to-tiled))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   UI Elements: Fixed an issue where min max slider was behaving abnormally when using larger thumb styling. ([UUM-5017](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ui-toolkits-slider-behaves-abnormally-with-unity-default-runtime-theme))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed a custom foldouts alignment issue in the inspector. (UUM-3156)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue where an alternate row background would disappearing after a refresh.
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue where old header content of a column was removed when its header template was changed. ([UUM-4129](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/multicolumcollectionview-old-column-header-still-visible-after-changed-column-dot-makeheader))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue where the flag value was not being updated with change of selection for unsigned int in enum mask field. (UUM-3688)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed bind/unbind discrepancies with items in ListView/TreeViews controls.
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed dynamic height caching and reordering issues on ListView/TreeView controls.
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed elements disappearing when changing both the border radius and padding at the same time. ([UUM-4160](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/uir-toggling-a-style-that-contains-border-radius-and-margin-slash-padding-causes-some-elements-to-disappear))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Improved performance of the UITK NonReorderable and Reorderable ListView in the inspector. (UUM-3483)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Prevent Tab key propagation when already handled in user scripts. ([UUM-3694](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/uitoolkit-tab-keydown-slash-keyup-events-that-are-used-in-toolgui-are-still-propagated-to-the-ui-slash-changing-focus))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   Undo System: Fixed the TimeManager for UndoManager tests. (UUM-8019)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   Universal RP: Fixed depth pre-pass being always executed on GLES devices. ([UUM-8381](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/urp-depth-pre-pass-is-always-executed-regardless-of-project-slash-pipeline-settings-when-opengles3-graphics-api-is-used))
    
*   Universal RP: Fixed incorrect light brightness when using SimpleLit shader. ([UUM-7851](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/lights-appear-significantly-brighter-when-using-the-simple-lit-shader))
    
*   Universal RP: Fixed specular highlight edges on Android. ([UUM-7654](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-specular-highlights-have-precision-issues-on-devices-with-adreno-gpu))
    
*   URP: Fixed a wireframe view issue in URP. (UUM-2548)
    
*   URP: Fixed Gizmos in Game View when using Viewports. ([UUM-7069](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/urp-gizmos-position-and-scale-incorrectly-when-changing-camera-rect))
    
*   URP: Fixed SpeedTree Shadergraph causes errors spammed in console. (UUM-3126)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   VFX Graph: Error thrown when entering a subgraph that is already opened. (1425836)
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed an issue were Alpha Clipping have unexpected behavior in editor when used in MaterialOverride with SG integration, . (UUM-552)
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed an issue where VFX shadows were rendering when VFX was disabled in Scene View visibility menu. (UUM-4752)
    
*   VFX Graph: Make collision with SDF more robust to bad inputs. ([1406977](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vfx-collision-with-sdf-not-correct-and-not-robust))
    
*   VFX Graph: Unexpected memory allocation in inspector preview when interacting with mouse while in pause. (UUM-7986)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Video: "Can't play movie" error is thrown when setting VideoPlayer.url to an invalid url through a script. ([1388735](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cant-play-movie-error-is-thrown-when-setting-videoplayer-dot-url-to-an-invalid-url-through-a-script))
    
*   Video: Failure in stable builder Test PlayModeTests - PS4 (part 4 of 4, remainder) -VideoPlaybackTests.VideoPlaybackCanQueuePlaybackBeforeReady. (UUM-974)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Video: Fixed a race condition when seeking before prepare. (UUM-961)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Video: Fixed an issue where Vorbis audio tracks created by MediaEncoder and VideoClipImporter had missing samples at the end. (1417269)
    
*   Video: PS4VideoPlayback does not yet support StepForward before Pause() or Play() was called. (UUM-970)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Web: Apply the new icon to the diagnostics overlay and add a missing CSS line. (UUM-7766)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Web: Blur active element before focusing window to correct behavior on Firefox. (UUM-1169)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   WebGL: Fixed a 3D audio effects issue. ([UUM-1165](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/on-webgl-player-spatial-audio-3d-sound-settings-does-not-change-direction-from-where-the-sound-is-played))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   WebGL: Fixed an issue where the soft keyboard would leave whitespace at the bottom of the page after being dismissed. (UUM-1159)
    
*   WebGL: Fixed bug where the rendering canvas wasn't resizing when changing orientation. ([UUM-1135](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mobile-web-half-of-screen-is-not-rendered-on-mobile-when-screen-orientation-is-landscape))
    
*   Windows: Fixed resolution misdetection on vertical displays, which caused APIs like Screen.currentResolution or Screen.GetDisplayLayout() return wrong data and the player contain letterboxing when it shouldn't. ([UUM-7552](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/the-player-does-not-refresh-window-display-properties-when-opening-the-player-on-another-display))
    
*   Windows: Restored the display enumeration behaviour back to Unity 2021.1 and earlier: the primary display will always be treated as display 1.
    

### New 2023.1.0a5 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a4

### Packages updated

*   com.unity.collab-proxy: [1.17.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.collab-proxy@1.17//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.17.2](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.collab-proxy@1.17//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.ext.nunit: [1.0.6](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.ext.nunit@1.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [2.0.3](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.ext.nunit@2.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.probuilder: [5.0.4](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.probuilder@5.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [5.0.6](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.probuilder@5.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.purchasing: [4.2.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.purchasing@4.2//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [4.4.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.purchasing@4.4//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.memoryprofiler: [1.0.0-pre.2](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.memoryprofiler@1.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.0.0-pre.3](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.memoryprofiler@1.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)