# Unity 2019.4.20

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2019.4.20

## 2019.4.20f1 Release Notes

- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### Fixes

*   AI: Fix issue with crash during building Navmesh from multi-floor multi-area-type source. ([1273805](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-block-locate-free-slash-tlsf-free-slash-memoryprofiler-getallocationroot-when-navmesh-baking))
    
*   Animation: Fixed an issue where low numbers of Animators would not multithread correctly. (1297358)
    
*   Asset Import: Removed unsupported layerElement reference mode error logs. ([1225010](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unsupported-material-wedge-reference-mode-type-error-is-thrown-when-importing-a-specific-fbx-file))
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Fixed an issue where the AssetDatabase could unload active AssetBundle streams, causing object data to be incomplete ([1256745](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/adbv2-assetdatabase-dot-refresh-causes-animator-to-become-invalid-when-its-animations-are-loaded-from-a-separate-asset-bundle), [1281356](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/non-deterministic-animation-data-loading-from-assetsbundle-composed-of-multiple-animation-files-in-update))
    
*   Burst: Fixed a bug where explicitly casting from an int to IntPtr would not sign extend the value.
    
*   Burst: Fixed a crash when a call to `System.Diagnostics.Debugger.Break` from a Burst-compiled job or function pointer was called without a debugger attached. (1304756)
    
*   Burst: Fixed an issue where Burst would erroneously error on BurstCompile.CompileFunctionPointer calls when building for the DOTS Runtime.
    
*   Burst: Fixed clang segmentation fault on iOS when member function debug information was emitted, it is disabled for this platform now.
    
*   Burst: Fixed DOTS Runtime JobProducer Bursting code to support JobProducers with multiple generic arguments, complex job wrapper and generic jobs.
    
*   Burst: Fixed managed implementations of blend\_epi32 and mm256\_blend\_epi32 intrinsics on Mono
    
*   Burst: Intrinsics: Neon - fixed vget\_low and vget\_high producing suboptimal code
    
*   Editor: Fixed audio clip preview playback position when clicking on the waveform ([1294273](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/audio-preview-plays-automatically-when-pressing-on-the-waveform-to-place-a-playback-head))
    
*   Editor: When installing the Windows editor, installing Linux Mono support alongside Linux IL2CPP support will no longer overwrite Linux IL2CPP support ([1276104](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-unable-to-make-linux-build-when-linux-build-support-il2cpp-and-linux-build-support-mono-both-installed))
    
*   GI: Make reflection probe encoding independent of convolution type on mobile. ([1269207](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/graphics-high-quality-lightmap-encoding-results-in-dldr-encoding-when-convolution-type-is-none))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed incorrect GeometryJob Fence initialisation causing graphical corruption in UI canvas rendering. (1290714)
    
*   Graphics: Fixed issue where reflections flicker when using SRP Batcher and Custom SRP (1301727)
    
*   Graphics: Missing clamp in spawn count when the system support reaping particles ([1122404](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ux-errors-when-using-large-values-in-certain-fields))
    
*   iOS: Fixed builtin deferred renderer using 2 extra encoders to just clear GBuffer ([1277009](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/metal-ios-shadowmask-lighting-causes-two-extra-load-slash-store-actions-when-deferred-renderer-is-used))
    
*   iOS: Fixed Unity Framework warnings in built iOS project.
    
*   Particles: Fixed material batching and shadow rendering by making the particle system trail material optional. ([1264831](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-metal-screen-is-black-when-scene-has-multiple-cameras-with-depth-only-flag-and-anti-aliasing-enabled))
    
*   Particles: Fixed ParticleSystemRenderer GetMeshes freezing when one of its meshes had been destroyed and had gone null. ([1238765](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/calling-getmeshes-will-cause-infinite-loop-if-one-of-meshes-under-mesh-renderer-mode-is-empty))
    
*   Scripting: Allow CreateDelegate to work when the delegate type returns an integer, but the method type returns an enum. ([1288796](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/argumentexception-is-thrown-when-trying-to-convert-enum-to-int32))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed crash that would occur when we would attempt to deserialize and new a class that is not fully instantiated. ([1293534](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-raiseexception-when-calling-jsonutility-dot-fromjson-with-a-corrupted-json-file))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed incorrect UTC offset during daylight savings time transitions ([1288231](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-datetimeoffset-dot-now-has-incorrect-offset-in-central-european-time-during-daylight-saving-transition-period))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed issue where CreateNLSocket on posix systems would return an incorrect handle. ([1292368](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/adding-event-handler-to-networkchange-dot-networkavailabilitychanged-crashes-the-linux-editor-at-mono-dl-fallback-unregister))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed a crash when trying to set keywords on a material that has no shader assigned ([1297087](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-when-using-paste-material-properties-on-a-material-with-no-assigned-shader))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed an issue where saving a ShaderVariantCollection could result in shaders missing from the file. ([1293591](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/only-one-shader-is-saved-in-the-shadervariantcollection-when-saving-shader-variants-into-an-asset))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed Editor failures due to shader compiler communication issues when using some VPN solutions.
    
*   Shaders: Fixed local keyword from UsePass not working in the shader that uses the pass ([1292128](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cant-enable-slash-disable-local-shader-keyword-variants-when-in-built-player-and-using-usepass))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed shader memory being attributed to ShaderLab instead of individual shaders (1292198)
    
*   Text: Fixed bug where changes to TextMesh.color could be rendered a frame too early. ([1252193](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/a-transform-update-made-in-the-update-method-is-being-delayed-by-a-frame))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixes performance of Line Renderer list of positions when its size is big enough to require scroll on the Inspector view ([1296193](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linerenderer-points-lists-suffers-from-performance-issues-when-list-is-large))
    
*   Video: \[MacOS\] UrlSource streaming stutters in Video Player ([1227128](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-urlsource-streaming-stutters-in-video-player))
    
*   WebGL: Fixed a crash at startup that occurred if initial filesystem data triggered a heap resize. ([1174367](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/webgl-build-crashes-if-metadata-is-too-large))
    
*   Windows: Fixed rendering freezing when switching from windowed mode to exclusive fullscreen and back on D3D11 and D3D12 graphics API when Nahimic software is installed and NahimicOSD.dll injects itself into the game. ([1265095](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/windows-build-freezes-when-switching-between-exclusivefullscreen-and-fullscreenwindow-fullscreenmodes))
    
*   Windows: Fixed Windows player infrequently deadlocking when changing fullscreen modes on D3D11 and D3D12 graphics APIs.
    
*   XR: ApplicationInfo was not being properly populated on Lumin platfom. (1304736)
    
*   XR: Updated the verified AR Foundation related packages to 2.1.14. Please see the AR Foundation package changelog for details.
    

### API Changes

*   iOS: Added: `iOS.Device.iosAppOnMac` flag to check if app built for iOS is running on Mac equipped with Apple Silicon chip.

### Changes

*   GI: Make the default skybox probe and ambient probe automatically baked until a first manual bake is done. ([1250293](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/skybox-lighting-is-not-shown-after-creating-new-gameobjects-in-the-new-scene))
    
*   XR: Updated verified Windows Mixed Reality package to version 2.6.0.
    

### Improvements

*   iOS: Under some circumstances, interim AA resolve will no longer result in an extra texture copy
    
*   Package: Upgrading input system package to 1.0.2
    
*   Shaders: Improved a warning about arrays in property sheets being capped to previous size ([1297245](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/spamming-warning-in-urp-template))
    
*   Timeline: Updated Timeline package to version 1.2.18
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.4 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build