# Unity 2020.1.3
https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2020.1.3

## 2020.1.3f1 Release Notes


### System Requirements Changes

### For running Unity games
<ul>
<li>iOS: minimum version incremented to 10.0 (from 9.0).</li>
</ul>

### Fixes
<ul>
<li><p>Asset Bundles: Fixed an edge case with AssetBundle.Contains not returning true for case sensitive paths. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/assetbundle-dot-contains-does-not-find-aseets-when-bundles-are-built-using-compatibilitybuildpipeline-dot-buildassetbundles">1253270</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Context menus that are deeper than root level are not removed. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-mono-method-signature-checked-when-selecting-a-context-menu-option-that-has-been-removed-from-code">1263906</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed Screen.resolutions returning 0 length collection in the Linux editor (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-editor-available-screens-are-not-detected-with-screen-dot-resolutions">1200397</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed the issue with Foldout click rect not aligning with the icon. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/foldout-click-area-does-not-align-with-the-foldout-arrow-image">1244058</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed lightmappers carrying over stale state when switching scenes. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-with-empty-stacktrace-when-starting-bake-in-the-new-scene-after-baking-previous-scene-with-gpu-plm">1244384</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed missing memory barrier when image is repeatedly bound for writing between dispatch calls.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Prevent memory leak of Command Buffers on Metal devices. (1266209)</p></li>
<li><p>iOS: Fixed storyboards sometimes still rotating to forbidden orientations on iOS 13+ (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-storyboard-shows-in-landscape-orientation-for-a-second-even-though-auto-rotation-only-allows-portrait-orientations">1266961</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Mobile: Adaptive Performance - Added workaround to send temperature warning when the device starts as warm already as currently no events are sent.</p></li>
<li><p>Mobile: Adaptive Performance - Automatic Performance Mode: lower CPU and GPU levels at the same time instead of one at a time to increase efficiency and higher power savings.</p></li>
<li><p>Mobile: Adaptive Performance - Fixed Automatic Performance Control flag to respect the function and not be read only anymore.</p></li>
<li><p>Mobile: Adaptive Performance - Thermal Mitigation Logic changes in GameSDK 3.2 and it was updated in SetFreqLevels() to react to the correct return values.</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Ensured that multi-threaded 2D physics solver handles contact response the same as the non-multi-threaded one. Fix bug where contact masses were different. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/physics2d-multithreading-not-behaving-as-expected">1267509</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fixed an issue where a Cloth components external acceleration would be applied in local space instead of world space (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cloth-external-acceleration-is-applied-in-local-space-instead-of-world-space">1221805</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fixed an issue where a Cloth components penetration constraint's would be influenced by the Transforms scale, resulting in incorrect behavior (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/spheres-cloth-explodes-slash-rotates-and-constraints-disappear-only-one-is-left-when-entering-play-mode">1215212</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fixed an issue where adding Colliders via the inspector to a Cloth component would not register when done in Play Mode (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cloth-sphere-colliders-have-no-effect-when-they-are-added-during-runtime">1260337</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fixed an issue where providing a null mesh to a previously authored Cloth component, would not clear the constraints causing the inspector to throw (1217772)</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fixed Cloth components Reset functionality to properly reset all data, including colliders, virtual particle weights and self-inter collision indices (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cloth-reset-functionality-doesnt-work-for-the-capsule-colliders-and-sphere-colliders-under-the-cloth-component">1263702</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Prefabs: Fixed crash when opening scene with broken prefabs (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-on-anchoredjoint2d-configuredistance-when-loading-a-specific-scene">1261297</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Optimized frame stats calculation when selecting a sample in Profiler Window. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/performance-issue-in-profiler-ui-with-increasing-number-of-events">967289</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>UI: Fixed the issue where the vertices were not stripped for rich text in multi line (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vertices-for-richtext-markups-do-not-get-stripped-if-the-text-does-not-fit-in-a-single-line">1182818</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed TouchScreenKeyboard not setting Text on HoloLens2 (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/system-keyboard-have-to-press-delete-twice-for-it-to-work">1246744</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Windows: Fixed HID devices for NewInput failing to initialize in x86 builds (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/windows-ds4-controller-doesnt-work-in-built-scene">1188222</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed for crash when passing empty string to TryGetFeatureValue (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/xr-passing-a-default-struct-to-inputdevice-dot-trygetfeaturevalue-crashes-the-editor-when-enter-play-mode-in-vr">1225985</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed Input System always executing XR buttons in LateUpdate</p></li>
</ul>

### Changes
<ul>
<li><p>Mobile: Adaptive Performance - Automatic Performance Control does not lower CPU lower than 1 on GameSDK 3.2 workaround.</p></li>
<li><p>Mobile: Adaptive Performance - Automatic Performance Mode: gpuFactor increased from 0.72 to 0.92 to increase effeciency.</p></li>
<li><p>Mobile: Adaptive Performance - Automatic Performance Mode: gpuUtilizationThreshold increased from 0.7 to 0.9 to increase effeciency.</p></li>
<li><p>Mobile: Adaptive Performance - Automatic Performance Mode: Increase GPU Active time Ratio.</p></li>
<li><p>Mobile: Adaptive Performance - Changed Documentation to make clear that changing CPU and GPU levels is risky and the Automatic Performance Mode should be used instead.</p></li>
<li><p>Mobile: Adaptive Performance - Exchanged GameSDK wrapper with updated version removing GameSDK 3.1 support.</p></li>
<li><p>Mobile: Adaptive Performance - Upgraded to Subsystem Registry 1.1.0 which bumps min version of Adaptive Performance to 2019.4</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Updated Windows Mixed Reality verified package to version 3.3.1.</p></li>
</ul>

### Improvements
<ul>
<li>iOS: Improved dynamic resolution performance for iOS 13, macOS 15 and tvOS 13. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-13-command-buffer-injection-adds-gpu-fences-to-command-graph-on-ios-in-2019-dot-3">1252731</a>)</li>
</ul>

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.0 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK</p></li>
</ul>

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>Desktop:</p> 
<ul>
<li>OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+</li>
<li>Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.</li>
<li>CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities</p></li>
<li><p>Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build</p></li>
</ul>
