# Unity 2019.3.4
https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2019.3.4

## 2019.3.4f1 Release Notes


### Fixes
<ul>
<li><p>2D: Fixed Unity crashes when selecting SpriteRenderer with tiling enabled in SceneView. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-memory-allocation-when-double-clicking-a-sprite-which-size-is-reassigned-in-ondrawgizmos">1211482</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Added maxAspectRatio to manifest only when targetting API 26 or higher. (1215022)</p></li>
<li><p>Apple TV: Fixed an issue where "Menu" button on Siri Remote returns "Joystick1Button19" instead of "Joystick1Button0". (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/tvos-menu-button-on-siri-remote-returns-joystick1button19-instead-of-joystick1button0">1214948</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Import: Fixed issue with uninitialized color variable in SketchupImporter. (1212242)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Import: Fixed typos in error messages of MaterialDescriptionPostProcessors. (1212240)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Import: Fixed wrong UV settings in Materials imported from .dae fileswith MaterialImportMode = ImportViaMaterialDescription. (1212248)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Import: NullReferenceException is thrown when inspecting a .FBX file with multiple clips and opening Animation tab. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/nullreferenceexception-is-thrown-when-inspecting-a-fbx-file-with-multiple-clips-and-opening-animation-tab">1215431</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed missing MonoBleedingEdge/etc directory in Zip Installer. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/missing-monobleedingedge-slash-etc-directory-in-zipinstaller-raises-null-reference-instead-of-error-message">1221452</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed an issue with incorrect culling of spot lights against the light grid when using the CPU lightmapper. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cpu-plm-baked-spotlights-get-their-attenuation-culled-if-the-spot-angle-exceeds-89-degrees">1221741</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed draw setup failure not properly detected during batched rendering. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-metal-crash-on-gfxdevicemetalbase-commondrawsetup-when-selecting-shader">1218754</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed possibility to abort restart of editor after changing graphics API, which could put editor in a bad state. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-dx12-kernel-ksamplecopy4-1-x-8-not-found-exceptions-thrown-continuously-on-removing-dx12-graphics-apis-from-the-list">1206110</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed Vertex and Fragment shader interfaces mismatch on some platforms.</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Allowed the GetAllNetworkInterfaces method to work on UWP. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/uwp-system-dot-net-dot-networkinformation-dot-networkinterface-dot-getallnetworkinterfaces-returns-zero-sized-array">1198610</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Corrected secure string allocation on Windows platforms. (1183660)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Corrected the build for unsafe code using the cpobj and cpblk IL instructions with IntPtr arguments. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/il2cpp-generated-code-fails-to-compile-when-building-a-project-that-uses-assimpnet-dll">1204247</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>iOS: No longer include code using AdSupport unless user explicitly uses api that needs it. (1219457)</p></li>
<li><p>macOS: Fixed for popup windows larger than the max texture size causing the metal crash. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-clicking-the-overrides-button-for-prefabs-crashes-the-editor-when-prefab-contains-a-large-list-of-overrides">1219036</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed an issue where files or directories ending with <code>.core</code> were ignored when making a package tarball through the <code>/services/packages/pack</code> route.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed an issue where some registries were mistakenly not considered valid registries.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed an issue where Unity could not connect to the UnityPackageManager process due to misconfigured proxy settings. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/as-a-user-i-want-unity-to-be-able-to-connect-to-upm-without-having-to-customize-unity-noproxy">1213556</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed an issue where <code>Unauthorized</code> errors from <code>npm</code> registries were treated as generic errors.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed Linux binary not running on <strong>CentOS</strong> distribution.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed scoped registry packages not listed when the registry backend did not provide the <em>content-type</em> header in the response. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2019-dot-3-package-manager-does-not-list-packages-from-scoped-registries">1217800</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Improved the error message when a search for a package name results in no compatible version found by reporting the package name as well.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Resolved errors in Adaptive Performance Samsung Android package when using .net 3.5. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/error-in-the-adaptive-performance-samsung-package">1212092</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Resolved warnings in Adaptive Performance Package when using .net 3.5. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/adaptive-performance-package-warning-with-net-3-dot-5-profile">1212094</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Shortened the name of folders storing Git packages in the project cache in order to reduce the likelihood of reaching the maximum path limit on <code>Windows</code>.</p></li>
<li><p>Prefabs: Editor functionality completely broken, due to prefab containing broken overrides.<br> This PR removes the broken overrides, to bring editor into a useful state.
(<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/prefab-variants-scripts-are-missing-fields-when-upgrading-to-unity-2019-dot-3-0a12-and-above">1208775</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Prefabs: Fixed AssetDatabase.SaveAssets and AssetDatabase.ImportAsset would breaking references to the imported/modified prefab. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/assets-reference-in-scriptable-object-is-lost-when-the-asset-is-reimported">1217774</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: SerializedProperty::HasVisibleChildren now returns false in the case of a SerializedReference if the property is hidden in inspector. This is now consistent with SerializedProperty::NextVisible. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/nextvisible-true-fails-when-using-serializereference-and-hideininspector-attributes">1205366</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting Upgrade: Fixed ApiUpdater not removing <em>using statements</em> in some scenarios.</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting Upgrade: Fixed ApiUpdater not respecting InternalsVisibleToAttribute.</p></li>
<li><p>Terrain: Fixed crash that occurs with async updates to Tree count. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-on-treerenderer-treeupdated-when-entering-play-mode">1212021</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Video: Last frames of video are repeated when played using Video Player Component. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/last-frames-of-video-are-repeated-when-played-using-video-player-component">1209623</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Windows: Fixed primary display leaving fullscreen when 2nd display activated. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/original-window-doesnt-enter-fullscreen-mode-when-launching-with-second-display-activated">1207918</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed mirror view UI is missing for 19.3 XRSDK. (1221666)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed Visual Effect Graph not rendering with instanced terrain and XR single-pass instancing. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/xr-vfx-particles-not-rendered-with-draw-instanced-terrain-in-scene-when-single-pass-instanced-rendering-mode-is-used">1203623</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Recentered the Headset when Oculus' Reset View is called from the OS. (1159322)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Support conditionally rendering stereo frames on XR Display using the shim layer.</p></li>
</ul>

### API Changes
<ul>
<li><p>Graphics: Added: Added the option to limit the amount of visible lights when doing culling with Scriptable Render Pipeline.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Removed: Removed support for the deprecated <code>exclude</code> project dependency keyword.</p></li>
</ul>

### Changes
<ul>
<li><p>Package Manager: An error is now reported when there are multiple embedded packages with the same <code>name</code>.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Changed path and file format of global configuration file. The configuration file format is now [TOML](https://github.com/toml-lang/toml). The old global configuration file path is deprecated. New global configuration should be set in this new file.</p></li>
</ul>

### Improvements
<ul>
<li><p>Android: Update Android Logcat package  version to 1.1.0</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Import: Added AssetDatabase.DisallowAutoRefresh and AssetDatabase.AllowAutoRefresh to the C# API. (1173031)</p></li>
<li><p>HLSLcc: Added an option that attempts to preserve varying locations</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Update verified packages to 1.1.0:<br> com.unity.adaptiveperformance<br>
com.unity.adaptiveperformance.samsung.android</p></li>
<li><p>Allow BuildPipeline to use a sysroot when building IL2CPP players for linux.</p></li>
</ul>

### Features
<ul>
<li><p>Linux: Added support for building linux players using a sysroot package</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Added support for Git package to be located in a repository sub-folder.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Added support for scoped registries authentication.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Introduced two new environment variables to override user and global configuration files path. <code>UPM_GLOBAL_CONFIG_FILE</code> overrides the default path of the <strong>global</strong> configuration file. <code>UPM_USER_CONFIG_FILE</code> overrides the default path of the <strong>user</strong> configuration file.</p></li>
</ul>

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.4 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK</p></li>
</ul>

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>Desktop:</p> 
<ul>
<li>OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+</li>
<li>Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.</li>
<li>CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities</p></li>
<li><p>Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build</p></li>
</ul>
