# Unity 2021.1.17
https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2021.1.17

## 2021.1.17f1 Release Notes


### Features
<ul>
<li><p>Android: Added more complete support for running Android apps on the Chrome OS platform. These changes enable building and running Android on x86 and x86-64 CPUs, now officially supported on Chrome OS devices. These changes also include input-related improvements for Chrome OS.</p></li>
<li><p>Shaders: Added support for specifying package requirements for SubShaders and Passes to ShaderLab.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: - Plastic: Added support for inviting other members. This option is available from the gear / settings icon.<br></p> 
<ul>
<li>Plastic: Added support for signing in with Cloud Edition. This is available during the onboarding screen if you have never signed in.<br></li>
<li>Plastic: Added support for turning off Plastic in their project. This option removes the Plastic metadata from your directory. This option is available under Assets &gt; Plastic SCM &gt; Turn off Plastic SCM<br></li>
<li>Plastic: Added notification on the Plastic SCM tab title to indicate incoming changes. Users will no longer need to have the Plastic SCM window visible to know there are incoming changes.<br></li>
<li>Plastic: Auto configuration of SSO<br></li>
<li>Plastic: Added date column in incoming changes</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>

### Improvements
<ul>
<li><p>Android: Add property PlayerSettings.Android.optimizedFramePacing API (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/optimized-frame-pacing-option-is-not-available-when-referencing-it-via-android-player-settings-in-a-script">1329232</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Bump Android Logcat package to 1.2.3</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Improve Line/TrailRenderer quality when points are close together. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linerenderer-does-not-render-lines-straight-when-positions-are-under-1-or-over-1">1322317</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Improvements to scene culling CPU performance - Shadow casters are rejected earlier if their shadow casting is disabled which should improve performance in scenes with scenes with lots of renderable objects that are set to not cast shadows. (1322874)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: VFX : Optimization while sending event to a VisualEffect by script</p></li>
<li><p>iOS: Improve logging in iOS automation: clarify existing log messages and add new ones.</p></li>
<li><p>Networking: UnityWebRequest now supports gzip compression on Windows. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unitywebrequest-fails-on-windows-if-gzip-compression-is-used">1343274</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package: Update Addressables to 1.18.9 and SBP to 1.19.0</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Overhauled the articulation gizmos to have better functionality and to better match other Unity gizmos' style</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: - Stability and performance improvements</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Improved network bandwidth usage of VideoPlayer.Stop() API in WebGL builds by stopping the video stream from downloading further. (1348468)</p></li>
</ul>

### API Changes
<ul>
<li><p>Asset Pipeline: Added: Added AssetDatabase.SaveAssetIfDirty() to save individual assets if required.</p></li>
<li><p>Services: Added: Added new com.unity.services.core package that is used for common behaviour of Game Service packages</p></li>
</ul>

### Changes
<ul>
<li><p>2D: Tile.StartUp is called after Tilemap is loaded instead of on the first Update after Tilemap is loaded. (1327583)</p></li>
<li><p>iOS: Use Shell.ExecuteProgramAndGetStdout for process handling in iOS automation code</p></li>
<li><p>Shadergraph: Only ShaderGraph keywords count towards the shader permutation variant limit, SubGraph keywords do not.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: ### Changed<br></p> 
<ul>
<li>Updating license to better conform with expected customer usage.<br></li>
<li>Updated documentation file to meet standards.<br></li>
<li>Updated third-party usage.<br></li>
<li>No longer requires downloading of the full Plastic client. Basic features will work without additional installation. Features that require the full Plastic client will allow download and install as needed.<br></li>
<li>Usability improvements around checking in code<br></li>
<li>Improved update workspace tab UX<br></li>
<li>Plastic SCM context menu is now available even if the Plastic SCM window is closed</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>XR: Updated XR Legacy Input Helpers to 2.1.8.</p></li>
</ul>

### Fixes
<ul>
<li><p>2D: Fixed an issue where OnDrawGizmos was not being called for Tile Palette when Draw Gizmos are enabled. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2d-tilemap-gizmos-do-not-appear-in-tile-palette-window-when-toggling-on-the-button">1348123</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>2D: Fixed an issue with setting a Spritesheet with padding between Sprites on a Tile Palette had a positional offset when there should not be one.</p></li>
<li><p>2D: Prevent instantiation of GameObjects from Tiles directly onto a prefab. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/adding-rule-tile-with-default-gameobject-to-tile-palette-causes-errors-in-console">1334466</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>AI: Fixed crash caused by the NavMesh builder code that occurred in very rare and specific configurations of the world geometry. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-with-computetilemeshjob-when-generating-navmesh">1329346</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Fixed a crash caused by uncaught "java.lang.IllegalStateException: The specified child already had a parent" that mainly affects Android 7.x. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-crash-with-java-dot-lang-dot-illegalstateexception-the-specified-child-already-has-a-parent">1347211</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Fixed an issue in fast swipes where Begin touch event would report starting touch position and End touch event would report deltaPosition and deltaTime since previous event. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-input-touch-dot-phase-is-being-reported-inaccurately-when-the-user-performs-a-fast-swipe">1325554</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Fixed issue where Android orientation could not be changed via scripts. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-switching-to-portrait-from-landscape-programmatically-doesnt-work">1330535</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Added [Preserve] attribute to prevent stripping a compiler service call.</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Additional notes about BurstCompiler.CompileFunctionPointer&lt;T&gt; regarding ; avoid wrapping in another open generic method, and interoperability with IL2CPP.</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Fixed a Burst package warning in the editor compiler integration with respect to BuildOptions.EnableHeadlessMode.</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Fixed a regression that caused eager-compilation at Editor startup to be slower than it should have been.</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Fixed an error that could occur with the form "System.InvalidOperationException: Could not find burst.initialize function in library 'SomeLibrary'".</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Fixed an incorrect compiler error that could occur when casting a pointer to a generic type and then calling a method with generic parameters.</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Fixed an incorrect runtime behavior that could occur when casting a pointer to a generic type.</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Fixed an issue where stackalloc's could be wrongly hoisted out of loops.</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Fixed an issue where the Burst Inspector would not remembers scroll position between domain reloads.</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Fixed an issue where tvOS/iOS and other statically linked platforms would fail to burst compile if the burst compiled code contained references to functions that were [DllImport("__Internal")], due to a mismatch in calling convention.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed a crash in ReorderableList while ensuring a valid array SerializedProperty. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-in-serializedproperty-isvalid-when-reordering-a-serializedproperty-list">1320319</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed a cursor lock and hide when entering playmode. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/the-cursor-doesnt-lock-or-become-invisible-with-cursorlockmode-dot-locked-method-when-entering-the-play-mode-after-the-first-time">1302708</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed a slow Editor startup time issue when ShaderCache/EditorEncounteredVariants has grown too large.  This also prevents it from growing too much. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/startup-time-of-the-editor-is-increased-by-2-45-s-according-to-the-size-of-library-slash-shadercache-slash-editorencounteredvariants">1330453</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue to avoid asserts when the gradient editor was opened. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vfx-graph-assertion-failed-on-expression-didinsert-when-opening-gradient-editor">1344785</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where Inspector was ignoring NonReorderable attribute when a class implementing it was assigned to an interface or other abstract field. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/nonreorderable-attribute-is-ignored-when-an-object-that-has-an-array-field-is-of-parent-type">1320158</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where lists inside lists were not rendering elements after interaction. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/elements-in-the-deepest-level-disappear-when-editing-list-size-while-using-reorderable-lists-and-the-deepest-list-is-expanded">1332688</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where NonReorderable attribute was being ignored on derived class variables. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/nonreorderable-attribute-is-ignored-when-the-list-is-in-inherited-class">1331091</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where ReorderableLists was not being able to expand while in inspector debug mode. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cannot-expand-a-private-list-of-variables-when-using-the-debug-inspector-mode">1316226</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where saving a project from the "Learn" section of the Hub would crash the Windows Editor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-when-exiting-and-keeping-a-new-micrograme-project">1338299</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where the Device Simulator ignored the Android Player setting <em>Render outside safe area</em>. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/device-simulator-when-render-outside-safe-area-is-disabled-rendered-part-in-device-simulator-doesnt-match-real-devices">1322862</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed the beeping issue on keyboard input for input fields in mac editor playmode. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-beep-alert-sound-is-heard-when-typing-in-input-field">1338906</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed a crash when baking with Enlighten on a system with more than 64 threads. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/100-percent-crash-when-baking-with-enlighten-on-a-system-with-more-than-64-threads">1229259</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Corrected the behavior of Marshal.Offset so that it properly accounts for the alignment requirements of fields that occur after a struct field. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/marshal-dot-offsetof-returns-incorrect-offset-when-building-the-project-with-il2cpp-scripting-backend">1346805</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Fixed a memory corruption issue when a generic field was of type which had an explicit layout, and the generic type had another type with explicit layout as a field. (1337921)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Fixed an issue where a required System.Uri constructor was being stripped in Medium or High stripping modes. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/uwp-fails-build-linq-error">1338763</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Fixed an issue where unaligned reads and writes where imporperly handled in the System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll assembly (among others) on ARMv7. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-il2cpp-data-misalignment-crash-in-deserializing-google-protobuf-message-field">1343375</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Linux: Fixed an issue where adding a new shortcut profile would crash the Editor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-at-gfxframebuffergles-setbackbuffercolordepthsurface-or-freezes-when-creating-a-new-shortcut-profile">1334874</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Mono: Fixed a hang when entering playmode after calling into managed code from native thread. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unity-hangs-in-an-infinite-callback-loop-when-reloading-scripts-after-logging-from-the-render-thread">1304163</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Mono: Fixed random crash in mono_thread_get_undeniable_exception. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-mono-thread-get-undeniable-exception">1308625</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Nintendo Switch: Fixed a shader precision issue that could cause artifacts in Terrain rendering. (1345800)</p></li>
<li><p>Particles: Fixed a fog issue in all blend modes of the Standard Unlit shader. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/fog-color-doesnt-get-applied-on-a-gameobject-when-the-gameobject-uses-particles-slash-standart-unlit-shader">1297332</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fix a crash in "PhysicsScene2D::UpdateJoints()".</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fixed an Clamp ArticulationBody mass issue when loading data from disk was not within the valid range for the physics engine. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/invalid-aabb-error-when-entering-play-mode-with-a-robot-imported-using-urdf-importer">1316719</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Fixed a crash in UnityLinker while processing the assembly override version of UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.dll. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-il2cpp-unitylinker-dot-exe-fails-to-build-a-project-when-it-contains-mars-companion-core-and-ui-toolkit-packages">1328995</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Fixed a player crash because data was not generated for in the build.<br> The generation failed because of path having single quote, and we did not handle that well.
(<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/player-crashes-when-build-succeeds-despite-logging-an-error">1327870</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Fixed a runtime crashes due to TypeConverter classes was missing their default constructor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-missingmethodexception-when-running-an-il2cpp-build">1285338</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Fixed an AssemblyResolutionException from il2cpp about netstandard that could occur when an assembly contained SecurityPermission attributes. (1311865)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Fixed an issue where "GetResponseStream() errors when using CopyTo() method". (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/getresponsestream-errors-when-using-copyto-method">1337986</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Shadergraph: Fixed a Procedural Virtual Texture compatibility issue with SRP Batcher. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/procedural-virtual-texture-node-will-make-a-shadergraph-incompatible-with-srp-batcher">1329336</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Shadergraph: Fixed an issue where SubGraph keywords would not be deduplicate before counting towards the permutation limit. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shader-graph-graph-is-generating-too-many-variants-error-is-thrown-when-using-subgraphs-with-keywords">1343528</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Shaders: Fixed an issue where DIRECTIONAL was being defined to nothing when no other light type was defined. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shader-error-in-wolf-slash-diffuse-cutout-invalid-conditional-expression-at-line-202-is-thrown-when-reimporting-the-shader">1342654</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Shaders: Fixed an issue where line directives sometimes erroneously skipped in output by the caching preprocessor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/caching-shader-preprocessor-does-not-handle-number-line-directives-properly">1340531</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Shaders: Fixed an issue where Shaders were not reimported correctly when include directives are affected by shader keywords. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/included-shader-dependencies-are-not-recompiled-when-performing-hot-reload-and-the-include-statement-is-excluded-using-keywords">1333654</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>UI: Reverting change that caused highlight to take precedence over selected. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/the-currentselectionstate-is-set-to-highlighted-when-hovering-over-the-selected-selectable">1325066</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Changed Image scale mode to the more intuitive default, being ScaleMode.ScaleToFit instead of ScaleMode.ScaleAndCrop. Changing scale mode will also trigger a repaint. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/results-of-texture-scalemode-is-not-intuitive-when-parent-has-a-width-or-height-set-to-pixel-value-and-the-other-is-set-to-auto">1215470</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Windows: Fixed an issue where the stack tracing code did not work even when excessively long mono method signatures were in the callstack. (1342150)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed an issue were the Splash screen did not sends correct zNear and zFar values to XRDisplaySystem. (1349851)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: [OpenXR] Fixed an issue for a Editor memory leak when HMD was in idle state. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/xr-openxr-editor-leaks-memory-when-hmd-is-in-idle-state-and-then-crashes-on-logtoconsoleimplementation-when-exiting-play-mode">1344762</a>)</p></li>
</ul>
