# Unity 2023.1.0 Alpha 20

https://unity3d.com/unity/alpha/2023.1.0a20

## New 2023.1.0a20 Entries since 2023.1.0a19

- [Features](#features)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [New 2023.1.0a20 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a19](#new-202310a20-package-changes-since-202310a19)
- [Packages updated](#packages-updated)


### Features

*   Android: Added Gradle Files Upgrader tool to upgrade user templates to a C# script that uses the Android Project Files API.
    
*   Android: Added Texture Compression targeting support.
    
*   Android: Implemented new GameActivity application model (previously you could only target Activity). Refer to the Manual for more details or refer to Android documentation on https://developer.android.com/games/agdk/integrate-game-activity.
    
*   Editor: Added async test support with documentation and support for SetUp and TearDown to the test-framework.
    
*   Editor: Displayed OneTimeSetup and OneTimeTearDown durations in the XML result under outputs.
    
*   Graphics: Added foveated rendering support for Metal.
    
*   Graphics: Added the ability to compute the thickness of an Object.
    
*   HDRP: Added a foam system to the HDRP Water System.
    
*   HDRP: Added High Quality Line Rendering which unlocks improved performance and image quality for line topology.
    
*   HDRP: Added Screen Space Lens Flare feature.
    
*   HDRP: Exposed **Material Type** in materials using the Lit ShaderGraph.
    
*   IMGUI: Removed dependency on Legacy Text stack for IMGUI so that IMGUI now renders and calculates its metrics using TextCore.  
    Some members from TextEditor have been deprecated to accommodate for the new TextUtilities used by both IMGUI and UITK. Their meanings are the same but their names have changed (from field to property):  
    
    *   TextEditor.multiline is now TextEditor.isMultiline  
        
    *   TextEditor.hasHorizontalCursorPos is nowTextEditor.hasHorizontalCursor  
        
    *   TextEditor.revealCursor is now TextEditor.showCursor.
*   Package Manager: Added tracking of assets imported from an Asset Store package.  
    Added a new tab in the package details view to visualize imported assets.  
    Added a remove button to Asset Store packages to selectively remove imported assets.
    
*   Profiler: Added metadata support for RenderTextures in Memory Profiler.
    
*   Profiler: Improved graphics memory tracking in Memory Profiler.
    
*   SRP Core: Added debug view to visualize probe sampling.
    
*   UI Toolkit: Added basic analytics in UI Builder.
    
*   Universal RP: Added Temporal Anti-aliasing support, which is available from Camera Anti-aliasing settings. Incompatible with MSAA, Dynamic Resolution, or Camera stacking. Supports fixed resolution only, so no temporal upsampling is supported.
    
*   URP: Added clustered reflection probe support to the URP Forward+ rendering path. This enables the use of more than two reflection probes per object, allows Unity to skip per-object culling of lights and reflection probes, and enables Entities Graphics and procedural draws to make use of reflection probes.
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed the six-way lighting and lightmap remapping options.
    
*   Windows: Enabled Windows ARM64 Player compilation.
    

### Improvements

*   Animation: Optimized the AnimationClip size calculation reducing asset load time in the Editor.
    
*   Editor: Added Learn Unity Test Framework section of documentation and related project files as importable package samples.
    
*   Editor: Added test method/fixture arguments in the ITestAdaptor as the `Arguments` property.
    
*   Editor: Improved ability to keep the current window layout when changing between editor versions or projects. (UUM-15864)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Editor: Improved text on Refraction Models material sample transparency scene to avoid confusion for recursive rendering.
    
*   Graphics: Increased the maximum Async Upload Buffer Size to 2047 MB and updated documentation.
    
*   HDRP: Improved optimization for the HDRP Volumetric Clouds.
    
*   HDRP: Improved water line detection.
    
*   HDRP: Updated the platform support message for consoles. (UUM-16315)
    
*   Particles: Removed OnParticleTrigger calls when there are no trigger module events to report. ([UUM-19111](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/onparticletrigger-is-called-every-frame-when-all-of-the-trigger-module-conditions-are-set-to-ignore-or-any-other-value))
    
*   Scripting: Improved scripting performance to always inline the Mathf Sign() script API function.
    
*   Serialization: Added support for instances of Generic inflated types to SerializeReference.
    
*   Tests: Improved stability of Selecting\_Deleted\_ParticleSystemForceField\_Preset\_In\_PlayMode\_Doesnot\_Throw\_Exception test.
    
*   URP: Improved shadow atlas building performance when there are a lot of lights.
    
*   WebGL: Improved error messages that are printed to the console to help diagnose when Content-Encoding: gzip is not properly set on server, or web browser has a bug that prevents it from being able to decompress gzip content ( https://bugs.webkit.org/show\_bug.cgi?id=247421 ). (UUM-18681)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a17._
    
*   WebGL: Improved the build system so that failing builds will no longer emit an unusable index.html to the build output directory.
    

### API Changes

*   Android: Added: Added PlayerSettings.Android.applicationEntry for application entry selection.
    
*   Android: Added: Added UnityEditor.Android.Gradle.Dependencies.GetEngineGradleDependencies which returns the list of dependencies which will be used when producing gradle project.
    
*   Build Pipeline: Obsoleted: Application.SetBuildTags and Application.GetBuildTags are now obsolete.
    
*   Editor: Added: Added a constructor to the EditorToolbarToggle class that takes in a text as an icon and a label.
    
*   Editor: Changed: Modified the game object tool context icon.
    
*   Graphics: Added: Texture.graphicsTexture and properties of the new GraphicsTexture class have been added to provide more information about the resource that is uploaded to the GPU when working with textures.
    
*   Graphics: Changed: Texture2D, Texture3D, and Cubemap creation will now throw an error earlier if explicitly created with non-zero width and height parameters (same as existing Texture2DArrays and CubemapArrays) except when creating a Texture2D with all default parameters.
    
*   Scripting: Added: New Object.FindFirstObjectByType() and Object.FindAnyObjectByType() functions added to replace the now obsoleted Object.FindObjectOfType(). These new functions let you decide whether you must have the first (lowest InstanceID) object found or if any instance is adequate. In the latter case the function can be many times faster as no internal sorting is required. See the scripting documentation for both functions for more details.
    
*   Scripting: Added: New Object.FindObjectsByType() function added to replace the now obsoleted Object.FindObjectsOfType(). This new function gives users the choice whether or not to perform the expensive sorting by InstanceID on the returned collection of objects rather than having it always performed wasting time when unnecessary. See the scripting documentation for Object.FindObjectsByType() and Object.FindObjectsOfType() for more details.
    
*   Scripting: Obsoleted: Object.FindObjectOfType() has been marked as obsolete and will produce a compilation warning. Use the new Object.FindFirstObjectsByType() or Object.FindAnyObjectByType() functions by preference. See the scripting documentation for both functions for more details.
    
*   Scripting: Obsoleted: Object.FindObjectsOfType() has been marked as obsolete and will produce a compilation warning. Use the new Object.FindObjectsByType() function by preference passing either FindObjectsSortMode.InstanceID to maintain sorting by InstanceID or FindObjectsSortMode.None to not sort the results. Not sorting the results is significantly faster but be aware that the order of the returned results will be different and not necessarily consistent between calls. See the scripting documentation for both functions for more details.
    
*   UI Toolkit: Added: \[Properties\] Added a ReadOnly member to the CreatePropertyAttribute to force the creation of a read-only property.
    

### Changes

*   GI: Added stability improvements for Baked Global Illumination.
    
*   HDRP: Deprecated ScriptableRenderPipelineExtensionAttribute and LightingExplorerExtensionAttribute.
    
*   URP: Deprecated ScriptableRenderPipelineExtensionAttributeand LightingExplorerExtensionAttribute.
    

### Fixes

*   2D: Fixed importer inspector showing unsaved changes when asset is modified from Sprite Editor Window. (UUM-15619)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   2D: Fixed Sprite Mode field so it is no longer empty upon changing Texture Type to Sprite. ([UUM-16278](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/default-texture-settings-are-not-set-when-importing-image))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a13._
    
*   Android: Fixed error messages when hideInput is enabled in TouchScreenKeyboard. ([UUM-15609](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/touchscreenkeyboard-dot-hideinput-triggers-numerous-errors-and-breaks-function-when-built-for-android))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a11._
    
*   Android: Fixed the Build And Run menu item so it is no longer disabled when the Build Settings window is not open. (UUM-17885)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a17._
    
*   Build Pipeline: Fixed a bug with building a development player, where a non-development player with no other changes could show the **Development Player** watermark.
    
*   Build Pipeline: Fixed an issue where build GUIDs would sometimes not change between subsequent builds.
    
*   Build Pipeline: Fixed building server returns so that the server is no longer not installed if only the other scripting backend is present. (MTT-4695)
    
*   Core: Fixed adding package scenes to a baking set.
    
*   Documentation: Fixed a few issues in `ComputeShader.SetRayTracingAccelerationStructure` Scripting API documentation.
    
*   Documentation: Fixed a small issue in `RayTracingAccelerationStructure.AddInstances` Scripting API docs using wrong format in StructuredBuffer example.
    
*   DX12: Fixed SSR with async on D3D12. (UUM-3342)
    
*   Editor: Added camera relative culling options to the Graphics section in Project Settings. This will potentially alleviate light popping issues due to lack of precision when the objects or lights are far from the origin. Enabling the camera relative culling setting for lights will potentially introduce issues for objects or lights that are far from the camera origin. ([UUM-7551](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/spot-light-flickers-when-when-its-far-from-the-origin-point))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a2._
    
*   Editor: Added camera relative culling options to the Graphics section in Project Settings. This will potentially alleviate shadow popping issues due to lack of precision when the casters or lights are far from the origin. Enabling the camera relative culling setting for shadows will potentially introduces issues for casters that are far from the camera origin. ([UUM-11364](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-spot-light-wont-cast-shadows-at-certain-world-positions))
    
*   Editor: Added component headers to separate Editor tools in overlays.
    
*   Editor: Added TestSettings file options for setting **Target SDK** for iOS/tvOS.
    
*   Editor: Enabled the state of showtabs to persist in preferences. ([UUM-15004](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/show-tabs-selection-gets-reset-when-search-window-is-closed-and-then-reopened))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a11._
    
*   Editor: Fixed "SerializedProperty m\_Enabled has disappeared!" error that appears in console while undoing switching scripts in debug inspector. ([UUM-4170](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/serializedproperty-m-enabled-has-disappeared-error-arpeared-in-console-while-undoying-switching-scripts-in-debug-inspector))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Editor: Fixed a crash due to an integer overflow when calculating the required buffer size to store compressed mesh index data. ([UUM-1036](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-when-changing-large-assets-mesh-compression))
    
*   Editor: Fixed a crash when a window is closed during `EditorWindow.OnLostFocus`. ([UUM-12434](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/error-slash-crash-when-editorwindow-dot-close-is-called-in-editorwindow-dot-onlostfocus))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a8._
    
*   Editor: Fixed a crash when using `Handles.DrawGizmos` in OnDrawGizmos. ([UUM-15008](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-slash-freeze-when-using-handles-dot-drawgizmos-in-ondrawgizmos))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Editor: Fixed a problem where a failed Unity Linker invocation may cause subsequent builds to fail with "Sequence contains no elements". (UUM-18372)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a16._
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue when having a playableGraph with two outputs, one of which containing blending on the root bone. ([UUM-16614](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/animation-is-messed-up-when-rig-builder-is-enabled))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a13._
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue with displaying array properties for Frame Debugger. (UUM-17668)
    
*   Editor: Fixed current window layout not persisting between Editor versions. (UUM-15864)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Editor: Fixed intermittent crash when destroying/recreating menu items on Linux. ([UUM-11724](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-editor-crashes-at-burst-signal-handler-when-opening-floating-windows))
    
*   Editor: Fixed near planeSize.y in CameraEditorUtils. ([UUM-7797](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/incorrect-near-planesize-dot-y-calculation-at-cameraeditorutils-dot-cs))
    
*   Editor: Fixed null reference exception in the FreeCamera component when there is no keyboard. (UUM-17801)
    
*   Editor: Fixed NullReferenceException when yielding EditMode intructions in PlayMode tests.
    
*   Editor: Fixed overly lengthy scene name causing Build WindowsEditorInstaller Katana job to fail.
    
*   Editor: Fixed packman dropdown sometimes positioned randomly. (UUM-12081)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   Editor: Fixed PropertyDatabase lock reporting. (UUM-14553)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Editor: Fixed right click paste not working in package manager. ([UUM-2304](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-package-manager-doesnt-let-paste-text-when-using-right-click-paste))
    
*   Editor: Fixed SpeedTree shadergraph shaders so they now multiply the Smoothness and Metallic slider values with the values from the ExtraTexture when the texture is provided. The default values for the sliders are set to 1.0 instead of 0.5 by default when there's an ExtraTexture is imported with the SpeedTree asset.
    
*   Editor: Fixed tab and shift+tab not working in shader graph windows. (UUM-17516)
    
*   Editor: Fixed Xcode not closing after building iOS/tvOS project via batchmode `-runTests` command.
    
*   Editor: Optimized HierarchyProperty searching by Labels to be 30% faster. (UUM-10709)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   GI: Clarified the backface tolerance tooltip. (LIGHT-906)
    
*   GI: Fixed crash in LightProbesManager after removing the first added probeset. (UUM-17760)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a15._
    
*   GI: Fixed Lighting Settings Assets values so that they default to another Assets values when multiple Assets are selected. ([UUM-10419](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/lighting-settings-assets-values-default-to-another-assets-values-when-multiple-assets-are-selected))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   GI: Fixed looping error message when baking in prefabs and subscenes. ([UUM-15675](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/lightmap-baking-fails-when-urp-template-content-is-put-into-a-subscene))
    
*   GI: Removed undocumented function.  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Graphics: Added safeguards to prevent GetPixels / GetPixels32 crashes in cases where C# array creation would fail.
    
*   Graphics: Disabled Texture 3D Preview (Volume / SDF mode) if Unity detects a potential driver hang risk. Fixed an assert incorrectly being triggered when inspecting external Texture 3Ds.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a bug where ReadPixels would fail for textures larger than 2 GB.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue where, sometimes in the Player, async loaded Textures (particularly in subscenes) would be deleted before the object itself was loaded into the scene resulting in missing textures. (UUM-16307)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a14._
    
*   Graphics: Fixed cubemap uploads failing on Vulkan, D3D11, and D3D12 for cubemaps larger than 2 GB.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed GetPixelData / SetPixelData failing for textures larger than 2 GB. Added safe-guards to prevent NativeArray length overflows for the former API.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed LoadRawTextureData failing when the input NativeArray contained more than 2 GB of data. Added safeguards to GetRawTextureData. Prevented NativeArray length overflow and C# array creation failure.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed mipmap generation for textures larger than 2 GB.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed RenderTexture assets not accepting texture dimensions greater than 20000 in UI, even though they currently can already go up to 32768 in script if the graphics capabilities allow for it.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed shader compilation errors when building tests for consoles.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed the Read/Write texture import setting becoming grayed out when **Max Size** was greater than 8192, regardless of actual texture dimensions or size. Replaced with an info box when enabling **Read/Write** that triggers if Unity detects a texture over 512MB.
    
*   Graphics: Updated MacOS so that Editor windows now always update if there is even a single frame rendered. (PLAT-3242)
    
*   HDRP: Added clarification on HDR Output not supporting Scene View. ([UUM-16184](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-hdr-documentation-missing-info-about-supported-views))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed a black screen issue with master builds on HDRP. (UUM-17388)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed an issue with Bloom and Depth of Field in game view when filtering in the hierarchy. (UUM-17739)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed black line in ray traced reflections. (UUM-11379)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed foam appearing outside of a water mask when setting. (UUM-18562)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed minor bug in the shadow ray culling for the cone spot light. (UUM-9708)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed missing tag on decal shader properties.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed Missing tooltip for Screen Weight Distance in Screen Space Refraction Override. (UUM-16930)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed Motion Vector for Vertex Animation with Add Precomputed Velocity. ([UUM-18756](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-missing-keyword-in-shader-graphs))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a17._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed motion vectors overwriting rendering layers. ([UUM-18750](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-objects-motion-vector-pass-not-enabled-with-sg-in-certain-cases))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a17._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed mouse position in debug menu with scaled screens in Editor. (UUM-16880)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a13._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed null reference error in the rendering debugger when there is no camera available. (UUM-18189)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a15._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed Ray Tracing Mixed Mode Collisions. (UUM-14613)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed Text alignment in Transparency Inputs section. (UUM-17208)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed the deformer reset function so it now loads the presets. (UUM-18561)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a16._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed the excluder's renderer so it is now properly serialized. ([UUM-18074](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-water-excluder-does-not-update-properly))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a16._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed the fallback section so it now disappears when hiding the additional data. (UUM-16780)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed the indirect diffuse lighting in ray tracing so it now always works properly. (UUM-14083)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed the parent transform so it is now longer ignored for pools and rivers when creating a water surface. (UUM-18072)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a16._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed the ray tracing shadow denoiser s it no longer produces leaks at the edge of spotlight shadows. (UUM-17794)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed warning in LensFlare shader. (UUM-16792)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed zfighting artifacts for ray tracing. (UUM-7668)
    
*   HDRP: Re-enabled XR tests for 004-CloudsFlaresDecals and 005-DistortCloudsParallax. ([UUM-1894](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-xr-unity-crashes-when-entering-play-mode-while-openxr-render-mode-is-set-to-multi-pass-and-there-is-terrain-in-the-scene))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a17._
    
*   HDRP: Renamed Amplitude Multipliers to Amplitude Dimmers for the water surface. (UUM-18559)
    
*   HDRP: Renamed IOR output in Eye shadergraph for clarification. ([UUM-15849](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-rename-ior-input-port))
    
*   iOS: Disabled supportsQueryTextureLOD usage on pre-iOS15 devices (due to debug device missing the API). ([UUM-18520](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-build-with-enabled-api-validation-crashes-on-startup-on-ios-14))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a16._
    
*   iOS: Fixed a hang on startup on iOS 16 when linking to UnityFramework. ([UUM-16259](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-player-crashes-on-ios-16-devices-when-unityframework-dot-framework-is-added-in-link-binary-with-libraries))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a13._
    
*   iOS: Restored the possibility for ViewController to control status bar appearance. ([UUM-6389](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-disabling-status-bar-hidden-on-devices-without-a-notch-is-not-working))
    
*   Linux: Fixed diagnostic switches so it can now be set using command line arguments. (UUM-10269)
    
*   Linux: Fixed Multi Display mouse/touch input so it now correctly registers on Linux Standalone player. (UUM-1569)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   Linux: Fixed scrolling with the scroll wheel so it is no longer slower on builds when using the New Input System package on Linux Standalone. ([UUM-12564](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-scrolling-with-the-scroll-wheel-is-slower-on-builds-when-using-the-new-input-system-package))
    
*   macOS: Fixed a hang on startup on MacOS 13 when running from Xcode. (UUM-15967)
    
*   Package: Fixed errors appearing when importing TextMeshPro essentials package.
    
*   Package Manager: Disabled view when removing pre-release or release candidates packages is fixed. (UUM-17878)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a15._
    
*   Particles: Corrected sub-emitter simulation to ensure particle ribbons are connected in the correct order. ([UUM-945](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ribbon-mode-particle-curls-and-twists-in-random-places-when-using-sub-emitter-rate-over-distance-emission))
    
*   Particles: Fixed errors when baking a particle mesh after calling mesh->Clear(false). ([UUM-8489](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/particlesystemrenderer-bakemesh-method-throws-out-of-bounds-arguments-error-when-invoked))
    
*   Particles: Fixed SetParticles API sometimes failing to emit the correct number of particles. ([UUM-17027](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/particlesystem-does-not-add-all-particles-when-a-large-number-of-particle-systems-exist-in-a-scene))
    
*   Physics: Removed noise from CharacterController position updates. ([UUM-18198](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/player-character-movement-has-drastically-slowed-down-in-3d-sample-scene-hdrp))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a15._
    
*   Physics 2D: Fixed an issue where a contact normal would be inversed leading to Collider2D.IsTouching incorrectly filtering the collision normal angle. ([UUM-15726](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/wrong-collision-normals-with-composite-tillemap-collider))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Prefabs: Improved the button text in the unused overrides dialog. (UUM-19026)
    
*   Scripting: Fixed a bug where the Editor could throw an Exception after an asmdef setup error was fixed. ([UUM-15296](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/undoing-cyclical-asmdef-leads-to-unhandled-exception-on-bee))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Scripting: Fixed an issue with IL Post Processing in projects containing multiple versions of the same precompiled assembly. (UUM-18541)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a16._
    
*   Scripting: Fixed code coverage testing for packages. ([UUM-18206](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/coverage-dot-getstatsforallcoveredmethods-returns-no-coveredmethodstats-for-packages-added-from-tarball))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a17._
    
*   Scripting: Fixed precompiled assemblies so they are now loaded when they are copied into the Unity project, while the ADB worker is running. (UUM-13507)
    
*   Shaders: Fixed a rare issue with auxiliary texture properties not being initialized properly. ([UUM-15576](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cameradepthtextures-texelsize-is-unexplainably-set-to-11-11-when-the-actual-values-is-not-supposed-to-be-at-11-11))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed canceling shader variant compilation not working when compilation was async. ([UUM-9826](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cancel-button-wont-stop-shader-graph-from-compiling-user-is-unable-to-gain-control-of-the-editor))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed reflection probe rendering silently being skipped when the required shader is not found in the player. ([UUM-12628](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/realtime-reflections-silently-fail-when-hidden-slash-cube-star-shaders-arent-included))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed Texture and Vector material properties not supporting displaying tooltips. ([UUM-5691](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/tooltip-doesnt-appear-when-hovering-over-a-materials-property-in-the-inspector))
    
*   Terrain: Fixed terrain shadows so they are now rendered when zooming out in Scene/Game View with Deferred Rendering enabled. ([UUM-1860](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/terrain-shadows-are-not-rendered-when-zooming-out-in-scene-slash-game-view-with-deferred-rendering-enabled))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed "This field cannot display arrays with more than 64 elements when multiple objects are selected" warning message is not wrapped in the Inspector window if it has a small width  
    
    *   https://jira.unity3d.com/browse/UUM-14744. ([UUM-13025](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/this-field-cannot-display-arrays-with-more-than-64-elements-when-multiple-objects-are-selected-warning-message-is-not-wrapped-in-the-inspector-window-if-it-has-a-small-width))  
        _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue that "Double-click to create a new USS selector" text appears if hovering on Style Class List selectors of Controls internal elements. ([UUM-3469](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/double-click-to-create-a-new-uss-selector-text-appears-if-hovering-on-style-class-list-selectors-of-controls-internal-elements))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a10._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue that RangeAttribute slider UX is in continuous mode when a variable is an integer. ([UUM-3362](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/rangeattribute-slider-ux-is-in-continuous-mode-when-a-variable-is-an-integer))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue where pressing the arrow keys in the input field of a slider would change its value. ([UUM-12796](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/arrow-keys-change-slider-value-instead-of-caret-position-when-the-range-attribute-is-used))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue where the dragger of a slider would become visually corrupted after toggling the showMixedValue property. ([UUM-13013](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/slider-handle-position-is-offset-when-sliders-showmixedvalue-value-is-changed))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue where the ListView would generate the wrong hierarchy when the path from the list to the item is also a valid path for the item itself. (UUM-8144)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed image element so it no longer ignores UV rect when a sprite was used. ([UUM-18362](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/image-ignores-the-uv-rect-parameter-when-a-sprite-is-used))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed layout of Image element so it now works with a flipped UV rect. ([UUM-17729](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/an-image-is-not-displayed-upside-down-when-width-and-height-are-not-specified))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed mask character can take multiple character.  
    Fixed canvas in-place textfield editor is always multiline. (UUM-15999)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a14._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed option + enter on Singleline textfield causes a newline. (UUM-15799)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a15._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed playmode tint not applied to text color. ([UUM-7215](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/label-with-dynamic-color-is-not-getting-playmode-tint-in-the-ui-builder-window))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed shader bug observable on MacOS Ventura with AMD GPUs that was causing UIToolkit elements to be missing, clipped, or to display incorrectly. ([UUM-18978](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/labels-and-icons-are-missing-when-using-macos-13-dot-0-ventura))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Improved UI Toolkit so that flipped UVs are now properly handled by scale modes of the Image element. ([UUM-17136](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/the-image-is-not-displayed-in-a-window-when-the-image-y-axis-is-flipped))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Updated the behavior when a dropdown is removed from the hierarchy to prevent any visual element left in the hierarchy. ([UUM-11117](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ui-toolkit-dropdown-menu-overlay-is-visible-after-exiting-play-mode))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Universal RP: Fixed **High Dynamic Range** Grading Mode variants getting needlessly stripped when **Strip Unused Post Processing Variants** was selected (even though it's not a volume feature and is part of the UPR asset). ([UUM-12673](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/builds-are-rendered-darker-than-in-editor-when-building-with-post-processing-enabled))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Universal RP: Fixed an issue in deferred rendering mode where the Material inspector would log errors about color and depth dimensions not matching. ([UUM-15631](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/universal-rp-processevent-method-throws-errors-at-material-selection-when-rendering-path-is-deferred-and-render-scale-value-isnt-1))
    
*   Universal RP: Fixed an issue where a ParticlesUnlit.mat warning appeared when creating a new material. ([UUM-15005](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/a-warning-message-appears-in-the-console-when-creating-a-material-in-the-3d-urp-template-project))
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed wrong particle count if read before first readback. (UUM-18480)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a16._
    
*   Video: Fixed multi-display rendering so it now displays the first camera's view on both displays instead of displaying both camera's views when used with a mobile device. ([UUM-13587](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/multi-display-rendering-is-displaying-the-first-cameras-view-on-both-displays-instead-of-displaying-both-cameras-views-when-used-with-a-mobile-device))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a9._
    
*   WebGL: Fixed a bug where Firefox would hang at 90% while loading. ([UUM-1155](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/webgl-player-stops-loading-at-90-percent-in-firefox-when-browser-loses-focus))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   WebGL: Fixed download of Addressables. (UUM-18873)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a18._
    
*   XR: Fixed issues with CopyColorPass when foveated rendering is enabled. (UUM-16327)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a15._
    

### New 2023.1.0a20 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a19

### Packages updated

*   com.unity.purchasing: [4.5.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.purchasing@4.5//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [4.5.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.purchasing@4.5//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.services.core: [1.5.2](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.core@1.5//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.6.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.core@1.6//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.test-framework: [1.1.33](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.test-framework@1.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.3.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.test-framework@1.3//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.timeline: [1.7.2](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.timeline@1.7//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.8.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.timeline@1.8//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    

#### Pre-release packages added

*   [com.unity.xr.arcore@5.1.0-pre.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arcore@5.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   [com.unity.xr.arfoundation@5.1.0-pre.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arfoundation@5.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   [com.unity.xr.arkit@5.1.0-pre.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arkit@5.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)