# Unity 2019.3.2

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2019.3.2

## 2019.3.2f1 Release Notes

- [System Requirements Changes](#system-requirements-changes)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### System Requirements Changes

### For running Unity games

*   Android:
    
    *   Minimum version incremented to 4.4 (from 4.1).
    *   Removed Atom CPU recommendation.
*   iOS: minimum version incremented to 10.0 (from 9.0).
    

### Fixes

*   Android: Make UnityWebRequest use system proxy. ([1199886](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-unitywebrequest-doesnt-work-behind-a-proxy))
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Fixed problem where projects could be loaded with a pending script compilation and domain reload. (1210129)
    
*   Editor: Fix crash when multiselecting objects that host scripts that contain classes with \[SerializeReference\] (1211265)
    
*   Editor: Fixed profiler's record toggle cannot be stopped with designated shortcut when in editor mode. ([1206281](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/profilers-recordtoggle-cannot-be-stopped-with-designated-shortcut-when-in-editor-mode))
    
*   Editor: Fixed the Unity crash for enum popup. ([1209597](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-silently-when-assertion-is-not-met-after-calling-editorguilayout-dot-enumpopup))
    
*   GI: Artifacts on edge of area light when using AA with Progressive Lightmapper ([1213455](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/plm-directionality-artifacts-after-baking-gi-with-area-light-with-certain-rotation-angles-and-aa-enabled))
    
*   GI: Auto generate turned off on 3D template (1211922)
    
*   GI: Fix crash when trying to rasterize a 0 area triangle at the border of the lightmap UVs. ([1106048](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-ntdll-rtluserthreadstart-when-generating-lightning))
    
*   GI: Fixed baked lightmaps not shown in the "Baked Lightmap" scene view visualisation mode. ([1087333](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ui-lightmap-preview-is-not-rendered-after-upgrading-the-project-with-the-old-lighting-data))
    
*   Graphics: Fix CrossFade bad CPU performance in SRP ( URP or HDRP ) (1214825)
    
*   Graphics: Fix DX12 freeze when synchronously waiting for an async readback request completion ([1216890](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-dx12-editor-crashes-when-switched-to-dx12))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a crash inside the editor when trying to accessing vertex data of a mesh imported by an assetbundle ([1177174](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-copychanneldirect-when-trying-to-save-a-model))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed Graphics.activeColorGamut to return HDR10 or Rec709 enums if HDR Display is currently active on DX11, DX12 or Vulkan
    
*   Graphics: Fixed potential deadlock in graphics jobs when loading shaders.
    
*   Graphics: Vulkan: Fixed a player build using Gamma colorspace to do linear conversion first, if HDR Display mode is enabled/forced on by the platform (1214930)
    
*   iOS: Fixed a rare crash when running graphics jobs with tesselated objects
    
*   macOS: Better blit/copy encoder utilization
    
*   macOS: Fix "Asset Preview" generation not triggering GarbageCollection of versioned resources ([1214197](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/metal-editor-memory-grows-continuously-until-editor-crashes-when-importing-100k-materials))
    
*   Scripting: Fix a deadlock issue between Burst and the AssetDatabase
    
*   Scripting: Project will no longer throw package errors if it is located on root of a drive ([1196161](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/having-a-project-in-the-root-directory-of-a-drive-causes-directorynotfoundexception-errors))
    
*   Shaders: Fixing camera replacement shader to work correctly with local keywords. ([1195767](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/requesting-non-existent-keyword-at-index-exception-is-thrown-after-shader-change))
    
*   Terrain: Fixed wrong result of TerrainData.GetHoles() method when holes data is empty.
    
*   UI Elements: Rich text tags were interpreted by the textfield and it affected its layout. ([1178247](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/uielements-textfield-size-is-changed-when-using-rich-text-tags))
    
*   XR: fix for image corruption when renderViewportScale is changed with HDR off. ([1130382](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/view-breaks-when-eyetextureresolutionscale-slash-renderviewportscale-are-changed-and-hdr-is-off))
    
*   XR: Fix NULL Deref exception due to WorldAnchorStore reload when using Windows Mixed Reality. ([1165639](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hololens-worldanchorstore-throws-an-argumentnullexception-when-calling-save-method))
    
*   XR: Fix to remove additional XR render pass functionality for built-in renderer. (1204611)
    
*   XR: Fixed crash when exiting Play Mode in XR related to particle system with mesh instances. ([1163721](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vr-editor-crashes-when-exiting-the-play-mode-if-vr-support-is-enabled-and-a-particle-system-is-emitting-mesh-instances))
    
*   XR: Fixed stereo rendering on Gear VR and Oculus Go. ([1209695](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/stereoscopic-rendering-broken-on-2019-dot-2-14-plus-on-oculus-go))
    
*   XR: Fixed VR vsync issue in fullscreen mode with d3d11 standalone player. ([1158037](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vr-unity-player-targets-45fps-when-using-oculusvr))
    

### API Changes

*   Graphics: Added: VisualEffectAsset events listing
    
*   Graphics: Added: VisualEffectAsset exposed properties listing
    

### Changes

*   2D: Sprite Editor Window's Skinning Module default shortcut key for "Animation/Create Vertex" changed from "Shift-D" to "Shift-J" due to key conflict
    
*   2D: Sprite Editor Window's Skinning Module default shortcut key for "Animation/Weight Brush" changed from "Shift-C" to "Shift-N" due to key conflict
    
*   2D: SpriteSkin's deformed Sprite's bounds are now calculated and bounds property is removed from SpriteSkin's inspector ([1208712](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2d-2d-animation-sprite-bounds-do-not-update-for-sprite-parts-that-have-additional-root-bone-set))
    
*   Timeline: ControlPlayableAsset.searchHierarchy (a.k.a. Control Children) now defaults to false.
    

### Improvements

*   2D: Improve CalculateHash by not loading unnecessary objects.
    
*   2D: Sprite Editor Window Skinning Module's Bone and Sprite Visibility state persists after Apply
    
*   2D: Support PSB Imported sprite for packing even if inside Folder.
    
*   HLSLcc: Remove redundant type casts when translating instruction LD
    
*   Kernel: Optimisation for Job system when main thread is waiting on jobs to complete.
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.4 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build