# Unity 2020.3.13

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2020.3.13

## 2020.3.13f1 Release Notes

- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### Improvements

*   Asset Import: Improved mobile ASTC texture compression performance (about 3.5 times faster now).
    
*   Editor: Opening scenes with ASTC compressed textures (e.g. while in mobile platform) is faster now; the ASTC decompression is about 7 times faster than before.
    
*   iOS: Ignore plugins with wrong CPU type when creating xcode project, e.g. when building for run on device, libraries having CPU type "x64" (i.e. simulator libraries) will be ignored
    
*   Scripting: Update com.unity.ide.visualstudio to version '2.0.9'.
    
*   Shaders: Improved logging when compiling shader variants. ([1338590](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/misleading-shader-compilation-logging-message))
    

### Changes

*   Package: Update Purchasing package to 3.2.2 version. Please refer to the package changelog online here: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.purchasing@3.2/changelog/CHANGELOG.html

### Fixes

*   AI: Fixed crash when selecting the Navigation Window in the Editor. (1330235)
    
*   AI: Fixed NavMeshObstacle inspector when viewed in non-wide mode. ([1330842](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/labels-overlap-in-navmeshobstacle-inspector-when-shape-is-set-to-box-and-inspectors-width-is-small))
    
*   Android: Fixed issue where a too large no compress settings list would break apk build procedure. ([1272592](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-build-fails-when-there-are-680-or-more-files-in-the-streaming-assets-folder))
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Fixed an issue that could cause assets with dependencies to be imported out-of-order. (1331373)
    
*   Documentation: Fixed html issue in TestRunnerApi API code snippet.  
    Fixed a typo issue in PreBuildSetup code example.  
    Fixed incorrect syntax in command line reference.
    
*   Editor: ASTC texture compression should be platform and hardware invariant now (i.e. produce exactly the same results between AMD and Intel CPUs for example, which was not always the case before). ([1307140](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/asset-bundles-assets-have-different-crcs-when-built-on-diferent-editor-versions-or-operating-systems))
    
*   Editor: Fixed a regression in error message when MonoBehaviour class name don't match the file name. (1328619)
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where the Editor Script extending GameView function like Device Package in Non-English(e.g. Japanese) raised exceptions every frame. ([1275960](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/gameview-stop-working-with-devicesimulator-installed-when-editor-is-in-different-language-japanese))
    
*   Editor: Fixed repaint issues for modal editor windows upon opening them from the project window context menu. ([1313636](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/error-displaying-showmodalutility-window))
    
*   Editor: Fixed repaint issues for non-modal windows while a modal window was up. ([1323381](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/parts-of-a-parent-editor-window-become-black-when-launching-a-child-editor-window-from-it))
    
*   GI: Fixed the available memory tracker when using multiple nvidia GPUs and the GPU Lightmapper. ([1313094](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/bakecontextmanager-refreshgpumemorystatus-return-wrong-values-when-baking-lightmaps-on-any-nvidia-gpu-other-than-primary-gpu))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a batching for instancing issue when all objects were lit by the same (<8) lights. ([1313977](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/xr-quest-urp-increasing-the-amount-of-real-time-lights-breaks-gpu-instancing))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue that caused MSAA to not work correctly in URP on Oculus Quest. ([1327973](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/xr-urp-quest-msaa-doesnt-get-applied-when-using-opaque-textures))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue where Mesh.SetSubMeshes with NativeArray would ignore MeshUpdateFlags argument. ([1330299](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cant-recalculate-bounds-dot-dot-dot-warnings-on-mesh-dot-setsubmeshes-using-nativearray-with-dontrecalculatebounds-flag))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue where setting a camera's target texture to null would sometimes increased camera stack size and reduce performance. ([1299403](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/setting-camera-dot-targettexture-equals-null-increases-camerastack-stackcount))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue where there LOD Group preview rendering with a pink material if an SRP was active. ([1283011](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/urp-lodgroup-preview-on-inspector-is-pink))
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue where an absolute path was used in the manifest instead of relative path for local packages. ([1327815](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/absolute-paths-are-being-set-for-external-packages-added-via-tarball))
    
*   Scripting: "Stop Playing and Recompile" mode (Editor Preferences -> Script Changes while Playing) now waits for playmode to be fully disabled before compiling scripts. ([1326820](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/stop-playing-and-recompile-option-causing-errors-and-recompiling-at-the-wrong-time))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed an issue when using GetComponents with list caused a memory leak. ([1318407](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/memory-leak-when-calling-getcomponents-list-with-a-static-list))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed an issue where the script was not opened when double clicking an error thrown from it inside the Console window. ([1200408](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/the-script-is-not-opened-when-double-clicking-an-error-thrown-from-it-inside-the-console-window))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed an incorrect struct reflection on GL and GLES backends when multiple nested structs were used. (1322153)
    
*   UI: Canvas size will adjust based on selected display and rendermode instead of selected game view. ([991291](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/canvas-size-depends-on-the-latest-active-game-view-aspect-ratio-for-all-game-views))
    
*   UI: Fixed an issue where calculation of size was incorrect for cameras that have a view rect set. ([1325324](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/viewport-rect-affects-ui-canvas-gameobjects-positions-when-canvas-render-mode-is-set-to-screen-space-camera))
    
*   XR: Check the value of maxMultiviewViewCount in VkPhysicalDeviceMultiviewProperties for better detection of Vulkan multiview support. (1308540)
    
*   XR: Fixed an issue for single-pass instancing with MSAA and postprocessing rendered a grey image with built-in renderer. (1280458)
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.13+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.13+ and Xcode 9.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.13+, Ubuntu 18.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 11.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build