# Unity 2020.2.1

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2020.2.1

## 2020.2.1f1 Release Notes

- [System Requirements Changes](#system-requirements-changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### System Requirements Changes

### Fixes

*   Documentation: Fixed an issue with the editor documentation redirect links. (1300346)
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where the Asset Store tools were no longer working. ([1299815](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/asset-store-tools-do-not-work-in-2020-dot-2-unity-version))
    
*   WebGL: Fixed an audio clip autoplay regression in WebGL builds. ([1276713](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/audio-no-longer-plays-in-build))
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build