# Unity 4.3

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/unity-4.3

## 2D

- [Added a new asset type: Sprite](#added-a-new-asset-type-sprite)
- [Sprite Mode added to TextureImporter](#sprite-mode-added-to-textureimporter)
- [Added a new renderer component: SpriteRenderer](#added-a-new-renderer-component-spriterenderer)
- [Added 2D mode button to scene view](#added-2d-mode-button-to-scene-view)
- [Sprite Packing (Atlasing), PRO only feature](#sprite-packing-atlasing-pro-only-feature)
- [Integrated Box2D physics engine and a set of 2D physics components](#integrated-box2d-physics-engine-and-a-set-of-2d-physics-components)


### Added a new asset type: Sprite

*   Sprite is defined by a Texture2D, rectangle and a pivot point.
*   Sprite has an internal mesh generated based on pixel alpha values, PRO only feature.
*   Sprite supports vertex snapping (V)
*   Added Sprite under the "GameObject/Create Other/" menu.

### Sprite Mode added to TextureImporter

*   Single Sprite option will generate one Sprite using the entire texture.
*   Pixels to Units defines the mesh size of the Sprite to 1 / value.
*   Pivot property defines sprites center point.
*   Manual option allows custom Sprite definitions.
*   Sprite Editor button opens new window for editing sprites: Add / Delete sprites manually; Automatic and Grid based slicing; Change sprite names.
*   Extrude Edges property added to Advanced mode. It can be used to extrude the internal sprite mesh edges if needed for custom texture-space effects.
*   Mesh Type property added to Advanced mode. It can be used to change the type of mesh generated: Full Rect or Tight (PRO only feature).

### Added a new renderer component: SpriteRenderer

*   Renders one Sprite.
*   Does not requires a material to have \_MainTex texture set.
*   Uses Material Property Blocks to patch \_MainTex with the correct (original or atlased) texture for the active Sprite.
*   Supports dynamic batching with non-uniform scaling.
*   Color property sets the vertex color.
*   If no material is specified, Sprites/Default material (alpha-blended) is used.

### Added 2D mode button to scene view

*   Scene view axis widget is hidden on 2D mode
*   Scene view locks to the XY plane.
*   Move tool changes to a dedicated 2D tool with familiar functionality.
*   Move tool have special Keyboard modifiers
*   Picking is now alpha-based.
*   Dragging a sprite to the scene will create a new GameObject with a SpriteRenderer.
*   Dragging multiple sprites to scene will create a new GameObject with a SpriteRenderer and sprite animation.

### Sprite Packing (Atlasing), PRO only feature

*   Atlas is defined by changing the PackingTag property in texture importer.
*   Packing is based on the generated mesh.
*   Packing will respect texture import settings and will only pack textures together if format, usage mode, color mode, compression quality, filter mode and mip-map settings match.
*   Window/Sprite Packer menu option opens a new window for inspecting the automatically generated sprite atlases.
*   Decision of which sprites to place into which atlases can be fully customized by implementing a custom sprite packer policy (UnityEditor.Sprites.IPackerPolicy).
*   Packing is completely transparent to the user, works in Play mode and is compatible with asset bundles.

### Integrated Box2D physics engine and a set of 2D physics components

*   Rigid-body component (RigidBody2D) supporting static/kinematic/dynamic body, mass, linear/angular velocities, drag and auto-sleeping, and fixed-angle constraint.
*   Circle collider (CircleCollider2D) supporting a centroid and radius.
*   Box collider (BoxCollider2D) supporting a centroid and a size.
*   Polygon collider (PolygonCollider2D) supporting an arbitrary set of polygons. It can be initialized to the shape of a sprite by dragging the sprite onto the component.
*   Distance joint (DistanceJoint2D) supporting a hard maximum distance between rigid-bodies.
*   Hinge joint (HingeJoint2D) supporting linear and angular limits and motor drive.
*   Slider joint (SliderJoint2D) supporting an axis constraint, linear limits and motor drive.
*   Spring joint (SpringJoint2D) supporting a soft (spring) distance between rigid-bodies.
*   Added a new physics material PhysicsMaterial2D to share friction and bounciness including default material support.
*   Added a 2D physics manager to contain scene settings such as gravity etc.
*   Added spatial queries in Physics2D scripting class for line and ray-casting and geometry overlap checks.
*   Added both trigger and collision callbacks for 2D colliders including collision points and normal.
*   Added 2D physics profiling information to the profiler.
*   Editor: Hold down shift to quickly modify 2D colliders.