# Unity 2020.1.13

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2020.1.13

## 2020.1.13f1 Release Notes

- [System Requirements Changes](#system-requirements-changes)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### System Requirements Changes

### For running Unity games

*   iOS: minimum version incremented to 10.0 (from 9.0).

### Fixes

*   2D: Fixed to cull individual Sprites in TilemapRenderer Individual mode instead of using chunk culling.
    
*   AI: Corrected the stray NavMeshAgent to always move to the closest NavMesh instead of somewhere above or below. ([1072945](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/a-navmeshagent-gameobject-teleports-to-a-near-navmeshsurface-when-collided-with-a-moving-navmeshobstacle))
    
*   Animation: Added a new function that copies a motion output in its integrality from an animationStream into another animationStream. ([1277405](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/root-motion-of-animationclipplayable-isnt-handled-when-setprocessinputs-is-set-to-false))
    
*   Animation: Fixed a bug where an animation event at time 0 would not be triggered after resetting the time. ([1230811](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/playables-animation-start-function-is-not-trigger-when-settime-with-0-or-smaller-value-is-called-twice))
    
*   Asset Import: Fixed such that FBX Meshes are imported deterministically between MacOS and Windows. (1281393)
    
*   DX12: Added SNorm16 and UNorm16 vertex attribute formats support in ray tracing HLSL code. ([1263936](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/dxr-snorm16-cant-be-used-for-meshs-normals-when-ray-traced-reflections-are-enabled))
    
*   DX12: Fixed a potential GPU crash that can happen on some GPU architectures because of missing NonUniformResourceIndex index modifier when accessing resource arrays in ray tracing HLSL code. (1282101)
    
*   Editor: Fixed "Run in background" option causing a dramatic increase in CPU usage. ([1275832](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/run-in-background-option-causes-a-dramatic-increase-in-cpu-usage))
    
*   Editor: Fixed such that the Linux editor main window now correctly remembers saved window layout. ([1258663](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-editor-doesnt-restore-window-scale-when-loading-saved-layouts))
    
*   GI: Fixed crash with progressive GPU when baking lighting with the AZURE Nature demo scene with a GPU that is below min spec. ([1277383](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crashing-with-progressive-gpu-when-baking-lighting-with-the-azure-nature-demo-scene))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed artifacts on some mesh triangles generated when using ray tracing. This bug could be reproduced when using 16-bit index buffers and meshes that have an odd number of triangles. ([1283942](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/dxr-buggy-interpolated-vertex-attributes-on-some-triangles-when-using-ray-tracing-effects))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed so aspect ratios are maintained and upscaled using letterboxing when rendering with Vulkan. ([1192023](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vulkan-wrong-aspect-ratio-in-fullscreen-of-standalone-build-when-selected-screen-resolution-is-not-native))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed such that, in Stadia, SetResolution now changes the rendering resolution without recreating the swapchain. (1232719)
    
*   iOS: Fixed rotation issues when app is not required to be full-screen and is running on iPad. ([1091688](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-vuforia-background-video-plays-upside-on-ipads-down-after-application-pause-if-app-does-not-require-fullscreen))
    
*   Profiler: Fixed RawFrameDataIterator.threadId always returning 0 for profiler frame data loaded from .data files. ([1279213](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/profiler-rawframedataiterator-threadid-will-always-return-0-for-profiler-frame-data-loaded-from-data-files))
    
*   Scripting: Added support for "||" (OR) operator for the Plugin Inspector. ([1270592](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/errors-are-thrown-in-the-console-when-the-constraint-of-the-dll-contains-the-or-operator))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed modules being disabled by a platform not getting reenabled when switching platforms which could cause incorrect compiler errors. ([1196164](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/osx-switching-an-urp-template-projects-build-target-to-tvos-will-create-reference-errors-to-xrsettings))
    
*   UI Elements: Fixed visual artifacts occurring when resizing windows. ([1218455](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/imgui-vertical-scrollbar-flickers-in-the-inspector-on-resizing-the-window))
    
*   Video: Fixed crash when destroying VideoPlayer while it is still initializing. (1241848)
    
*   Video: Fixed such that VideoPlayer jumps to kf on Play() if paused near kf. ([1271421](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mac-video-player-jumps-to-keyframe-when-calling-play-if-paused-before-a-keyframe))
    
*   Virtual Texturing: Reduced sizes of VT fallback caches used by GfxTests to prevent out-of-memory. (1266524)
    
*   WebGL: Fixed a bug where shaders placed in extra resources ("Always Included Shaders" list) might be built incorrectly. ([1120359](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/webgl-normal-maps-produce-wrong-lighting-on-webgl-build-when-appropriate-unity-shader-is-put-into-always-included-shaders-list))
    
*   WebGL: Fixed WebGL build issue when the default system Python version is Python3 instead of Python2. (1280386)
    
*   Windows: Fixed for the issue in which Overrides window stays stuck open when user returns to the Scenes. ([1233487](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/overrides-window-stays-open-when-user-returns-to-the-scenes))
    
*   XR: Fixed an issue where the XR splash screen is missing when using SRP. ([1230976](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/xr-xrsdk-oculus-go-oculus-quest-virtual-reality-splash-image-doesnt-show-up-with-new-xr-sdk))
    
*   XR: Fixed issue where attempting to use separate cameras while using stereo multipass to render each eye caused the left eye to render the right eye and the right eye to not render at all. ([1140490](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vr-spot-light-render-is-cut-in-the-right-eye-of-an-hmd-when-using-deferred-multi-pass-and-light-range-far-clip-plane))
    

### API Changes

*   Physics: Added: Added writeable WheelCollider.sprungMass, to enable explicit mass distributions. In addition to that, exposed WheelCollider.ResetSprungMasses() to reset the vehicle back to automatically calculated implicit sprung masses. It uses the same usage pattern as with Rigidbody.inertiaTensor / Rigidbody.ResetInertiaTensor().

### Improvements

*   2D: Improved performance of TilemapRenderer Individual mode.
    
*   Profiler: Added progress bar when loading and saving Profiler data.
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build