# Unity 2019.2.17
https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2019.2.17

## 2019.2.17f1 Release Notes


### System Requirements Changes

#### Nothing changed.

### Fixes
<ul>
<li><p>Android: Fixed Vulkan feature usage declaration in Android manifest. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/wrong-androidmanifest-dot-xml-file-is-generated-after-building-to-android">1198652</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Fixed a crash when clicking on 'Add Property' in the Animation Window when a component has Vector2Int parameters. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-mono-field-get-type-when-add-property-in-the-animation-window-has-to-display-a-script-with-vector2int-type-variable">1198661</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Fixed an isssue with applying override clip when using an override controller and a controller playable. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cant-change-animation-clip-with-animationoverridecontroller-when-animatorcontrollerplayable-is-used">1182581</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Importers: Changed import errors for .sbsar files to warnings, changed warning for psd matte to info (1184085)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an assembly lockup issue related to mouse up handling in the Windows Editor when certain dialogs or progress bars are active. (1191378)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Corrected the behavior of network interface detection code on iOS. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-network-dot-networkinterfacetype-always-return-0">1191670</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>macOS: Fixeed a SRP-Batcher crash when using iOS target in the Editor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-scriptablebatchrenderer-generatebuiltincbuffer-when-loading-built-assetbundle-in-urp">1192129</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Multiplayer: Fixed a slow down issue of editors that run in a network with large amount of unity players running. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/profiling-the-editor-while-running-a-development-build-causes-a-flood-of-udp-packets">1193875</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Shaders: Fixed "Internal error, unrecognized message" when building. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios">1185078</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Terrain: Terrain loaded via Asset Bundles &amp; Player data retains and consumes it's own shader list and falls back to Shader. Find only when an error occurs. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/terrain-not-visible-when-loaded-from-asset-bundle-and-has-draw-instanced-enabled">1122023</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Visual Effects: Fixed an issue where Visual Effects loaded from Asset Bundle were not playing. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/visual-effect-loaded-from-asset-bundle-is-not-playing">1175177</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Fixed an issue where in WebGL builds Canvas Rect Mask 2D component was not working properly. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/webgl-rectmask2d-does-not-mask">1014187</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed an issue that would cause the Editor Hololens Remote device to improperly set before connecting.</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed HolographicRemoting to properly allow for V2 devices in standalone applications.</p></li>
</ul>

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.4 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK</p></li>
</ul>

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>Desktop:</p> 
<ul>
<li>OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 12.04+, SteamOS+</li>
<li>Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.</li>
<li>CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>iOS player requires iOS 9.0 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: OS 4.1 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support or Atom CPU; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities</p></li>
</ul>
