# Unity 2023.2.2

https://unity.com/releases/editor/whats-new/2023.2.2

## 2023.2.2f1 Release Notes

- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [Package changes in 2023.2.2f1](#package-changes-in-202322f1)
- [Packages updated](#packages-updated)


### Improvements

*   Burst: Burst support for Apple visionOS.

### Changes

*   Editor: Rename the shortcut that opens the context menu in the Scene view from "Show Action Menu" to "Show Scene view context menu".

### Fixes

*   2D: Fixed AnimatedTile not animating in a player build. (UUM-55931)
    
*   Android: Android: The Editor now offers to install a lower API level than the currently installed level if the user requests it, rather than forcing the user to install the lower level manually. Not available in batch mode. (UUM-52052)
    
*   Android: Fixed an issue with usymtoolarm64 not being copied to exported Gradle project. (UUM-53558)
    
*   Android: Fixed merged manifest path for permissions event. (UUM-51545)
    
*   Asset Import: Closing the editor after reverting the properties in editor now resets the m\_DirtyIndex to 0. ([UUM-21202](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/platform-settings-are-added-to-texture-meta-file-when-the-editor-is-closed))
    
*   Audio: Fixed a bug that would cause the ARC to crash for certain parameter settings. (UUM-54898)
    
*   Editor: Fixed an Editor performance issue when opening a Shader Variant Collection asset containing more than 10,000 child variant objects. ([UUM-41588](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-hangs-when-opening-the-shader-variant-collection-asset))
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where sometimes the cloud project ID does not get included in the build.
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue with text not being displayed under certain conditions. (UUM-53949)
    
*   Editor: Fixed Cmd+Ctrl+Q shortcut closing the Editor on macOS.<br> Fixed Ctrl key is ignored when creating shortcuts with Cmd key. (UUM-48077)
    
*   Editor: On iOS, with MSAA and HDR enabled, now properly use the same backbuffer format. (UUM-52461)
    
*   GI: Changed Spotlight to Spot Light in UI labels. ([UUM-55409](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/contextual-menus-spotlight-instead-of-spot-light))
    
*   GI: URP in batch mode (using -executeMethod): fixed light baking issues. ([UUM-47683](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/spot-light-is-brighter-when-lighting-is-baked-in-batch-mode))
    
*   Graphics: WebGL Player: Fixed a memory leak when using AsyncGPUReadbackRequest. ([UUM-46008](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/requestasyncreadback-triggers-memory-leaks-when-in-player))
    
*   iOS: Bring back the applicationDidReceiveMemoryWarning: to UnityAppController. (UUM-55367)
    
*   Physics: Fixed the torque computation of ArticulationBody::AddRelativeTorque to properly move the provided local space torque into world space before applying the inertia tensor world matrix. This change only affects cases where ForceMode.Acceleration and ForceMode.VelocityChange would be used. (UUM-54134)
    
*   Physics: Fixed the torque computation of RigidBody::AddRelativeForce to use the inertia tensor world matrix instead of mass. This change only affects cases where ForceMode.Acceleration and ForceMode.VelocityChange would be used. (UUM-54134)
    
*   Physics: Fixed the torque computation of RigidBody::AddRelativeTorque to properly move the provided local space torque into world space before applying the inertia tensor world matrix. This change only affects cases where ForceMode.Acceleration and ForceMode.VelocityChange would be used. (UUM-54134)
    
*   Physics 2D: Fix an issue where small/thin holes were left inside a PolygonCollider2D due to removal of near-collinear vertex. ([UUM-45879](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/polygon-collider-2d-has-a-hole-inside-when-having-specific-points-coordinates))
    
*   UI Toolkit: UI Toolkit + IPointerClickHandler. IPointerClickHandler now counts clickCount correctly. ([UUM-47980](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ui-toolkit-plus-ipointerclickhandler-ipointerclickhandler-counts-clickcount-incorectly))
    
*   UI Toolkit: UI Toolkit: Fixed indications of default value overrides not being correctly refreshed, and clarified the Binding Path's field name and tooltip. (UUM-53358)
    
*   Undo System: Improve performance on Undo Flush when using serialization system. (UUM-10900)
    
*   Universal RP: URP: Fixed an issue where screen space decals miscalculated ambient lighting. ([UUM-47142](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/screen-space-decals-calculate-ambient-lighting-incorrectly))
    
*   WebGL: Fixed a bug that caused for input to not be released when focus was removed from canvas on Windows Chrome. ([UUM-53519](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/webgl-application-focus-loss-not-recognized-when-right-click-dragging-and-releasing))
    
*   WebGL: Fixed an error when sending long strings with gameInstance.SendMessage. ([UUM-49331](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/webgl-unityinstance-dot-sendmessage-crashes-webgl-runtime-when-passing-a-large-string))
    

### Package changes in 2023.2.2f1

### Packages updated

*   com.unity.burst: [1.8.10](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.burst@1.8//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) &#x2192; [1.8.11](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.burst@1.8//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)