# Unity 2023.1.0 Alpha 10

https://unity3d.com/unity/alpha/2023.1.0a10

## New 2023.1.0a10 Entries since 2023.1.0a9

- [Features](#features)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [New 2023.1.0a10 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a9](#new-202310a10-package-changes-since-202310a9)
- [Packages updated](#packages-updated)


### Features

*   Android: Introduce new reportFullyDrawn API to be called on app startup automatically, or manually via script.
    
*   Editor: Added Enable PlayMode Tooltips toggle to preferences.
    
*   Package Manager: Renamed UI "Add" actions into "Install".
    
*   UI Toolkit: Added a Text preview to the UI Builder Inspector.
    

### Improvements

*   Asset Import: Improved performance of .obj file import. ([UUM-2168](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/importing-obj-file-of-500mb-in-size-freezes-when-using-operating-system-in-some-non-english-language-keyboard))
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Reduced the number of crashes when importing native asset with objects that crashes editor when being loaded.
    
*   Editor: Optimize VFXEventTesterWindow OnSelectionChanged.
    
*   Editor: Updated FBX SDK to version 2020.3.1.
    
*   GI: Added OpenCL device analytics for the progressive GPU lightmapper.
    
*   Graphics: Improved performance and memory usage of GPU/Compute Skinning on iOS. ([UUM-11356](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/buffermetal-allocnewversionedbuffer-exhibits-low-performance-and-high-memory-usage))
    
*   Graphics: Reduced CPU overhead of command buffers management.
    
*   HDRP: Improved performance of subsurface scattering pass for high resolution.
    
*   HDRP: Improved the name for Dynamic Resolution property.
    
*   Linux: Updated Simple DirecMedia Layer to 2.0.22. (UUM-6773)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   SRP Core: Restructured the APV indirection buffer to decrease the amount of memory required when an high number of subdivision levels is used.
    
*   URP: Improved the name for Dynamic Resolution property.
    

### API Changes

*   Editor: Added: Expose didAwake and didStart for MonoBehaviours.
    
*   Graphics: Added: Added Signed Normalized (SNorm) formats to TextureFormat. Allows script creation of Textures using SNorm Texture or Graphics Formats. Includes import support for signed texture data from .dds files.
    
*   Graphics: Added: Added SystemInfo API calls for anisotropic filtering support and max anisotropy level supported.
    

### Changes

*   Documentation: Added more details to documentation for material and texture export.
    
*   Documentation: Added troubleshooting documentation for exporting camera animation only from Maya plugin.
    

### Fixes

*   2D: Fixed upgrading from 2020.3 might lose Sprite reference. ([DANB-133](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/importer-textureimporter-generated-inconsistent-result-for-asset-when-importing-assets-from-unity-2020-dot-3))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0._
    
*   Android: Fixed a sporadic crash on screen rotation when Optimized Frame Pacing was enabled. (UUM-5790)
    
*   Android: Fixed an incorrect aspect ration when the phone was in landscape mode, "Apply display rotation during rendering" was enabled and URP post processing was used with Vulkan. (UUM-5653)
    
*   Android: Fixed an incorrect value of Android/Vulkan specific shader constant UNITY\_DISPLAY\_ORIENTATION\_PRETRANSFORM when "Apply display rotation during rendering" was enabled. (UUM-5654)
    
*   Android: Fixed an issue where if AudioSettings.Mobile.StopAudioOutput was called, then the Android app was paused/resumed, audio output would get re-started in error. (UUM-11099)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   Editor: Fixed a deadlock in Accelerator upload isue when using '-quit'. ([UUM-3184](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cache-server-editor-crashes-when-disabling-cacheserver-during-ongoing-upload))
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue if -createProject is used would force script recompile. (UUM-10810)
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where Prefab Overrides window 'Revert All' button was not enabled so non-applicable overrides could not be reverted.
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where Tooltips prevent keyboard shortcuts. (UUM-12140)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   Editor: Fixed crash when entering playmode with an asset in a property window. (UUM-12079)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   GI: Fixed an issue where there was not proper clamping of Lightmap Streaming Priority in Player Settings window.
    
*   GI: Fixed an unnecessary gfx fence issue when Enlighten Realtime GI was not enabled. (UUM-8035)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a clearing issues on Vulkan XR. ([UUM-729](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/load-slash-store-debug-feature-shows-invalid-textures-that-should-be-valid-using-vulkan-on-quest-android))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed an error regarding the reflection atlas size after upgrading a project. (UUM-10459)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed an issue where AlphaInjection and ChromaKeying custom post processes were not running only if they are used. (UUM-10313)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed issues with ray traced area light shadows. ([UUM-5925](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-rt-shadow-for-area-lights-do-not-render-correctly))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed material preview with SSS. ([UUM-9375](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-sss-materials-have-magenta-preview))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed missing RT shader passes for the LOD terrain mesh. (UUM-8924)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed saving after auto register of a diffusion profile. ([UUM-9488](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-diff-profiles-get-dropped-from-global-settings-list-after-project-restart))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed shader compilation errors when adding OpenGL in an HDRP project. ([UUM-3644](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/errors-thrown-when-opengl-core-is-added-to-the-list-of-graphics-apis-in-the-hdrp-template-project))
    
*   iOS: Fixed an Automatically Sign option issue. ([UUM-2683](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-m1-signing-team-id-and-automatically-sign-player-settings-are-ignored-when-building-for-ios))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   iOS: Fixed orientation handling on startup (when the phone is rotated between starting up and showing unity itself). ([UUM-7461](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/input-dot-gyro-dot-gravity-inverted-sign-on-x-and-y-axis-depending-on-ios-device-orientation-when-app-starts))
    
*   macOS: Fixed Display systemWidth and systemHeight being wrong until window was moved to another display. ([UUM-501](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-returned-systemwidth-and-systemheight-are-half-of-the-correct-values-when-using-display-dot-main))
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue where Package extensions did not appear directly after package was added. (UUM-2183)
    
*   Profiler: Fixed Profiler samples in the VFX category to contribute towards the Rendering Category instead of Others. (UUM-2166)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Scripting: Fixed an issue where using the "High" stripping level might incorrectly strip MonoBehaviours used in scenes if those were implemented in precompiled assemblies.
    
*   Search: Fixed Unity hanging when dragging Search's area blocks. (UUM-10270)
    
*   Shaders: Fixed "State comes from an incompatible keyword space" assertion when building asset bundles. (UUM-11958)
    
*   Shaders: Fixed a crash when changing Scene view Draw mode from Shaded to Custom. ([UUM-9452](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-when-changing-scene-view-draw-mode-from-shaded-to-custom))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed an issue where Material.SetOverrideTag would not warn when trying to override LightMode. ([UUM-11988](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/material-dot-setoverridetag-setting-lightmode-tag-has-no-effect))
    
*   SRP Core: Fixed a FreeCamera printing an error when using old InputSystem. (UUM-2697)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   SRP Core: Fixed an issue where shaders from any SRP not are completely stripped when building for Built-in renderer. (UUM-2442)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   Terrain: Rduced the time spent initializing terrain tiles on load by 50%. ([UUM-1883](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/terraindata-dot-awakefromload-takes-around-13-19-ms-after-loading-a-terrain-from-an-asset-bundle))
    
*   UI: Fixed an issue where Unity Game Services projects created a dropdown when the project names contains a slash in the Editor Project Linking UI. (UUM-12134)
    
*   UI Elements: Fixed the hover state of the entire ancestry chain of an element that captures the mouse. (UUM-12382)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed a VectorImage glitching issue when changing the size of the GameView window. ([UUM-4158](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/uir-ui-toolkit-vector-image-is-glitching-when-changing-the-size-of-the-game-view-window))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue where 9-sliced sprites were imported as tight-mesh not stretching properly. (UUM-4162)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue where the background-image-tint was not working with sliced VectorImages. (UUM-5076)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   URP: Fixed decals to pass correct viewDirectionWS to screen space and gbuffer lighting.
    
*   URP: Fixed decals to produce correct world to tangent matrix. (1399425)
    
*   URP: Fixed instacing error when decals loaded, but not the decal shaders.
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed an issue to avoid unnessary allocations in the SDF Baker by using Mesh Buffer API. ([UUM-2285](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/sdf-baking-causes-memory-usage-to-continually-rise-when-entering-play-mode-1))
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed an issue where the output mesh with default shader was incorrectly sorted before the HDRP fog by Replacing default mesh output shader to be SRP compatible. (UUM-4363)
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed an unexpected compilation failure with URP Lit Output. ([UUM-11429](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vfx-slash-urp-lit-compilation-failure))
    
*   WebGL: Fixed an issue where the old input system did not recognizing stationary touch input. (UUM-1137)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    

### New 2023.1.0a10 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a9

### Packages updated

*   com.unity.addressables: [1.20.3](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.addressables@1.20//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.20.5](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.addressables@1.20//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.inputsystem: [1.4.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.inputsystem@1.4//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.4.2](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.inputsystem@1.4//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.xr.openxr: [1.4.2](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.openxr@1.4//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.5.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.openxr@1.5//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.formats.fbx: [4.2.0-pre.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.formats.fbx@4.2//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [4.2.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.formats.fbx@4.2//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.autodesk.fbx: 4.2.0-pre.1 → 4.2.0
    
*   com.unity.profiling.systemmetrics.mali: [1.0.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.profiling.systemmetrics.mali@1.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.0.2](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.profiling.systemmetrics.mali@1.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)