# Unity 2020.3.11
https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2020.3.11

## 2020.3.11f1 Release Notes


### Improvements
<ul>
<li><p>Audio: Allow a user to specify whether DSPGraph sample providers should loop from the beginning of a clip or from a chosen start point. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/dspgraph-audio-clip-does-not-loop-from-to-the-begining-when-starting-it-from-the-middle">1329351</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Added support for opt-in caching of Git LFS files when downloading Git packages. Caching is enabled by setting either of the following environment variables: <code>UPM_ENABLE_GIT_LFS_CACHE</code> or <code>UPM_GIT_LFS_CACHE_PATH</code>. The latter allows overriding the default cache location.</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Updated OpenXR Package to version 1.2.0.  Please see package changelog for full details.</p></li>
</ul>

### Fixes
<ul>
<li><p>2D: Fixed a crash when disabling Sprite Skin when multithreaded rendering was enabled. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-player-crashes-during-animation-unitygfxdeviceworker-unityframeworkvoid-transformverticesinnerloop">1296355</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>2D: Fixed an issue when SpriteShapeController had "Update Collider" set to true, would dirty the scene every time. (1315086)</p></li>
<li><p>2D: Fixed an issue with disabling 'Edit Spline' on Sprite Shape Controller while Cache Geometry was enabled threw an ArgumentException error. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/disabling-edit-spline-on-sprite-shape-controller-while-cache-geometry-is-enabled-throws-an-argumentexception-error">1320015</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Fixed a crash on startup on Android 4.4 devices. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/app-stops-due-to-onpixelcopyfinishedlistener-not-being-supported-on-devices-with-lower-than-24-sdk">1331290</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Fixed an issue where values were defaulting to zero when disabling writeDefaultValue on a State and mixing. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/weight-of-all-rigs-reset-to-0-when-there-are-more-than-one-animation-layers">1303570</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Pipeline: Fixed an issue where triggering an AssetDatabase.Refresh() during an Undo might cause deletions not to persist to disk. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/subassets-destroyed-by-the-undo-system-are-kept-if-the-editor-looses-focus-before-saving">1321443</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Audio: Fixed an issue where the default audio output when connecting a DSPGraph output job was not activated. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/dspgraph-audio-is-not-played-60-seconds-after-compilation-in-editor-mode">1329062</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Build System: Fixed an edge case where executing the build tools was generating an access denied error when attempting to run git/hr inside a Visual Studio command prompt.</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Fixed a crash due to a member function debug information on tvOS.</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Fixed an UnauthorizedAccessException that could occur when using Burst in players built for the macOS App Sandbox.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue with the alignment of certain buttons in some of the 2D colliders (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/imgui-edit-collider-button-is-overlapping-with-the-material-property-for-all-2d-collider">1281292</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed an issue where mip streaming for static batched meshes and used of CombineMesh API. (1329555)</p></li>
<li><p>macOS: Fixed a crash when product name contains Unicode characters. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-il2cpp-build-closes-on-launch-when-its-product-name-contains-certain-characters">1296208</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed an issue in the Package Manager port selection logic which could sometimes prevent Unity from connecting to it on startup. (1328669)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed an issue where adding packages from a registry which returned invalid publish dates would fail. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/packages-cannot-be-added-from-a-registry-that-returns-invalid-publish-dates-windows-only">1318975</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed an issue where Git dependencies using annotated tags for revisions could not be resolved. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/package-resolution-error-when-using-a-git-dependency-referencing-an-annotated-tag-in-its-git-url">1325920</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed an issue where the <code>UnityEditor.PackageManager.Client.SearchAll</code> method would result in a connection error despite using <code>offlineMode = true</code>. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/packagemanager-dot-client-dot-searchall-offlinemode-true-returns-an-error-if-user-offline">1319585</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed an issue which could sometimes cause package resolution errors due to <code>EMFILE</code> errors in projects with a large number of packaged assets.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed an issue which could sometimes lead to missing files in successfully resolved packages in projects with a large number of packaged assets.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed an issue which prevented starting <code>UnityPackageManager.exe</code> on Windows when its path contained non-ANSI Unicode characters. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-wont-start-with-unicode-install-path">1317244</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Particles: Fixed an issue where Inspector was giving incorrect information about configured SpriteAtlas assets. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/sprites-the-particle-system-does-not-support-v2-sprite-atlases">1318608</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fixed a crash when attempting to access the Rigidbody from the result of a OnCollision callback, when the object it  collided with was a ArticulationBody. The Collision.rigidbody member is now null in this case. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/oncollisionenter-with-articulation-body-crashes-when-calling-rigidbody-getvelocityatpoint">1320314</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fixed an issue where setting an array of null bone transforms to a SkinnedMeshRenderer via the 'bones' property, would cause a crash if a Cloth component was present on the same GameObject. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-when-cloth-with-skinnedmeshrenderer-has-null-bone-references">1328023</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Fixed an issue where double-clicking on console messages originating from paths outside the asset folder were not working correctly. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/script-file-that-references-package-script-is-opened-when-double-clicking-a-console-message-in-editor-that-comes-from-a-package">1304954</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Windows: Fixed an issue where docked tabs would keep focus when dragging from another window. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-game-view-mouse-input-stop-working-after-game-window-has-been-moved-in-play-mode">1296690</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed an issue with screenspace shadows with XR multiview. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/oculus-gearvr-cascade-shadows-are-not-rendered-on-mobile-devices-when-built-on-oculus-vr-sdk">1168315</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed Vulkan validation errors on Oculus Quest and added support for "Fragment Density Map 2" Vulkan extension. (1332783)</p></li>
</ul>

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.13+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.13+ and Xcode 9.0 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK</p></li>
</ul>

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>Desktop:</p> 
<ul>
<li>OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.13+, Ubuntu 16.04+</li>
<li>Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.</li>
<li>CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>iOS player requires iOS 11.0 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities</p></li>
<li><p>Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build</p></li>
</ul>
