# Unity 2020.3.30

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2020.3.30

## 2020.3.30f1 Release Notes

- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)
- [Package changes in 2020.3.30f1](#package-changes-in-2020330f1)


### Improvements

*   Asset Pipeline: Logging done in imports run in an import worker is now forwarded to the main editor log.
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Logging in import worker will now always log to local import worker log file.
    
*   Build Pipeline: Added an API to gather the lighting and fog modes used by the active scene.
    
*   Editor: Added a new API InternalEditorUtility.LoadSerializedFileAndForgetAsync which loads a serialized file on the preload thread.
    
*   Profiler: Added Profiler.EmitSessionMetaData api to pass generic metadata to the Profiler associated with profiling session.
    
*   Scene Manager: Added Developer-only toggle to view Preview Scenes on the hierarchy for debugging purposes.
    
*   Scene Manager: Added flags to support certain GameObject features in Preview Scenes (Events, GI Lights and Cameras).
    
*   Scripting: Added a new AsyncReadManager FileInfo() API to check for a file's existence and (if present) the file size.
    
*   Scripting: Added atomic safety handle boolean validation functions to AtomicSafetyHandle.bindings.cs
    

### Fixes

*   Editor: Fixed incorrect JobsDebugger handling of C# "readonly" keyword.
    
*   Scripting: Fixed: Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.ReadStatus.Truncated result for completion of a truncated read. A truncated read occurs when an asynchronous file request attempts to read beyond the end of a file.
    
*   Scripting: Fixed: Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.ReadStatusExtension methods - Unity.IO.LowLevel.Unsafe.ReadStatusExtension.Complete() returns true on successful completion regardless of truncated file reads.
    
*   Scripting: Updated NativeArray and NativeSlice Enumerator MoveNext functions with a define conditional atomic safety handle boolean check to ensure that existing enumerators return false when MoveNext() is called instead of throwing an exception.
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.13+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.13+ and Xcode 9.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.13+, Ubuntu 18.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 11.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build
    

### Package changes in 2020.3.30f1