# Unity 2019.2.20

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2019.2.20

## 2019.2.20f1 Release Notes

- [System Requirements Changes](#system-requirements-changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### System Requirements Changes

#### Nothing changed.

### Fixes

*   Asset Import: Fixed an issue where setting EditorCurveBinding.type to a custom component binds to "MonoBehavior" instead of the derived class. ([1201584](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/setting-editorcurvebinding-dot-type-to-a-custom-component-bind-to-monobehavior-instead-of-the-derived-class))
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Fixed an assert thrown during RecompressAssetBundleAsync. ([1195067](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/assetbundles-recompressassetbundles-fail-with-larger-chunk-compressed-texture-included))
    
*   Editor: Fixed the issue with NullReferenceExceptions that was thrown when invoking EditorGUIUtility.ShowObjectPicker. ([1206893](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/nullreferenceexception-is-thrown-when-invoking-editorguiutility-dot-showobjectpicker))
    
*   IMGUI: Fixed IMGUI input in windows standalone players when the old input system was disabled. ([1183394](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/imgui-input-doesnt-work-in-builds-when-using-preview-inputsystem-package))
    
*   iOS: Fixed UnityWebRequest.SendWebRequest to finish if the same URL is requested before the first is completed. ([1195969](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-unitywebrequest-dot-sendwebrequest-will-never-finish-if-the-same-url-is-requested-before-the-first-completes))
    
*   Profiler: Fixed an raised argument exception issue if a null or empty name string was provided when beginning a profiler sample. ([1205482](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-unityengine-dot-profiling-dot-profiler-beginsampleimpl-when-calling-profiler-dot-beginsample-null))
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.4 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 12.04+, SteamOS+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 9.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.1 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support or Atom CPU; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities