# Unity 2018.3
https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/unity-2018.3.0

## Improvements

<ul>
<li><p>2D: Added an option in Sprite Editor to display a Sprite's pivot position in pixels, and to allow the pivot to snap pixels as it is dragged.</p></li>
<li><p>2D: Added Isometric Tilemap support for 2D Tilemap.</p></li>
<li><p>2D: Added support for custom axis sorting and Sorting Groups in SRP.</p></li>
<li><p>2D: Added the Z Position Editor to the Tile Palette Brush Inspector to allow users to adjust the Z Position of Tiles painted by the Tile Palette Paint Brush. Keyboard shortcuts '-' and '=' can be used to adjust the Z Position value as well.</p></li>
<li><p>AI: It is now faster to unload a Scene that contains a large number of autogenerated OffMeshLinks.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Added support to pass the <code>-d</code> switch to adb install to allow version downgrade.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Added WebCamTexture acceleration for Android 5.0 and later.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Added <strong>Start in fullscreen mode</strong> checkbox option to player settings, resolution and presentation section. If disabled, app starts in non-immersive mode and the navigation bar is shown. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-device-enters-immersive-mode-even-when-splash-screen-is-turned-off">977660</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Android: APKs are now packed by default using apkzlib.  Added <strong>Use legacy SDK tools</strong> checkbox in player settings to force the use of AAPT and apkbuilder.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Fixed an issue that prevented certain public classes in the Android extensions DLL from appearing in the Unity API reference docs.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Improved the performance of memory stats gathering when the profiler is enabled.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Reduced the build time when building multiple APKs for different CPU architectures. This only affects the internal build system.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Reduced the time it takes to load the Player on Android devices.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Set <code>JAVA_HOME</code> to point to the JDK path set in Unity Editor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/commandinvokationfailure-unable-to-list-target-platforms-when-using-android-sdk-25-dot-2-5">961766</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Updated the version of the Android NDK used by Unity on Android to r16b.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Updated to automatically populate the minimum and target Android API level dropboxes in the Editor.</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Added batched Animator Jobs to avoid scheduling overhead on large amounts of jobs.</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Added Reset functionality to the Animation component. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/animation-reset-functionality-not-working-for-animation-and-animation-clip">994291</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Added shift-click and right-click context menus for adding properties in the Animation window.</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Added <code>IAnimationClipSource</code> interface that lets MonoBehaviour components provide a list of clips to the Animation window.</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Changed the width of the default StateMachine node so that all nodes align vertically.</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Improved animation performance by reducing animator polling for events.</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Improved Animator temporary allocation scheme.</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Improved memory reporting for some animation classes.</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Improved root transformation and root motion in the Animation system.</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Improved the behavior of an Animator. It no longer creates an empty output when the Animator does not have an AnimatorController assigned.</p></li>
<li><p>Apple TV: Enabled display of DCI-P3 color gamut for compatible tvOS devices.</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Import: Added support for physical camera Gate Fit modes to ModelImporter importCameras property.</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Import: Added <code>UseSRGBMaterialColor</code> option in the Model Importer for converting Material Albedo colors. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/albedo-colors-are-not-converted-to-linear-space-on-fbx-import">1033503</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Import: Fixed inconsistency between the UI and the API when using some Model Importer properties.</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Import: Improved the SpeedTree Importer to include importing Materials as sub-Assets, and allowing workflows using Material sub-Assets, similar to the ModelImporter.</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Import: Improved the UI for the AvatarMask by adding search functionality, allowing multiple selection, keyboard navigation, and enabling using modifier keys to collapse, enable, or disable the entire hierarchy.</p></li>
<li><p>Compute: <code>ComputeBuffer.GetData</code> and <code>ComputeBuffer.SetData</code> now throw exceptions when they get bad values for arguments. Unity checks offset and size more strictly (for one argument version, Unity assumes the offset is 0 and the size is the same as that of the container), and compatibility between C# type size and ComputeBuffer stride.</p></li>
<li><p>Docs: Expanded the documentation of the <code>SerializedObject</code> class.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Added a warning when Unity does not load assembly definition file (asmdef) assemblies on startup in cases where the assemblies do not have scripts to compile their asmdef references. Also added a warning when Unity attempts to compile asmdefs that do not have scripts in the Editor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2018-shaders-hlsl-shader-is-not-included-the-first-time-project-is-opened-using-shaderincludepath">1041284</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Added support for finding .asmdef Assets with <code>t:asmdef</code> when using <code>AssetDatabase.FindAssets</code> and the Unity Editor project browser search field.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Deleting a script now triggers recompilation only where necessary, rather than automatically recompiling all scripts.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Edited Component Presets can now use Reset and Paste Component Values methods in the Preset Inspector.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Enabled editing of multiple icons in the Inspector. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/inspector-select-icon-does-not-support-multi-object-editing">643017</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Improved the Rig tab of the Model Import Settings window to improve usability for ExposedTransforms when Optimize GameObject is selected.  Changes include new search functionality, allowing multiple selection, keyboard navigation, and enabling using modifier keys to collapse, enable, or disable the entire hierarchy.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Improved <code>EditorGUI.EnumPopup</code> and <code>EditorGUI.EnumFlagsField</code>:</p> 
<ul>
<li>Enum options now display in the order of declaration instead of the order of value.</li>
<li>Added support for <code>[DescriptionAttribute]</code> to change the display name of an enum value.</li>
<li>Added <code>includeObsolete</code> parameter to allow showing obsolete Enum values in the pop-up drop-down.</li>
<li>Added <code>checkEnabled</code> callback to allow disabling/enabling an option in the pop-up.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>Editor: In USS files, <code>flex-basis</code> now accepts the value <code>auto</code>.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Made the Clip Masks faster to refresh in the ModelImporter Animation panel by using the new <code>SerializedProperty.DataEquals</code> method.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Renamed several UIElements UXML attributes and USS properties for consistency and alignment with CSS. For details, see this spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vS7LASgy1_Cdnr49isXGIVf6FWkNAOc56zGODfJbzPM/edit?usp=sharing</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Replaced the Animation condition dropdown with a searchable dropdown. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/scrolling-through-the-select-animations-and-select-properties-gui-is-extremely-slow">720995</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: The Build Settings window now allows you to build a Development Headless Linux Standalone Player.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Unity now disables the Hierarchy window's context menu items for deleting or renaming GameObjects if the GameObject has a NotEditable flag set.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Updating and deleting a precompiled assembly (.NET plugin) with "Auto Referenced" disabled now triggers recompilation only where necessary, rather than automatically recompiling all scripts.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: When switching between different Desktop Standalone platforms in Build Settings, Unity now selects the x64 architecture by default.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: You can now re-order Assembly Definition References, Assembly References and Define Constraints lists when editing a single Assembly Definition File in the Inspector.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: You can now register AssetBundles included in read-only folders with the Caching system. To do this, ad the read-only folder path as a Cache.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: <code>MinMaxSlider</code> sliders now display horizontal/vertical resize cursors when you hover over the resize handles at their ends.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: <code>UIElements.ScrollView</code> scrolling speed now matches IMGUI's scrolling speed.</p></li>
<li><p>GI: Added a debug view to display visible texels from the baked GI point of view. This is particularly useful along view prioritization.</p></li>
<li><p>GI: Added support for configurable falloff for Enlighten lightmap baking.</p></li>
</ul>

#### 
<ul>
<li><p>GI: Added two GI profiling counters: one for pending albedo/emission renders, and one for pending Material updates.</p></li>
<li><p>GI: Lights from Particle Systems can now affect realtime GI if they have non-zero bounce intensity and Realtime GI is enabled. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/particle-bounce-lights-dont-affect-realtime-gi-5-dot-5-x">832496</a>)</p></li>
</ul>

#### 
<ul>
<li><p>GI: Moved Enlighten data loading to the loading thread and added <code>DynamicGI.materialUpdateTimeSlice</code> to control albedo/emissive rendering per frame budget:</p> 
<ul>
<li>In versions of Unity prior to 2017.2, when a Scene loads, Unity reads the Enlighten data on the main thread and renders albedo/emissive rendering in one go, causing a big spike.</li>
<li>In 2017.2, Unity loads Enlighten data in a time-sliced manner, but still on the main thread. The main thread schedules albedo/emissive rendering with an 8ms budget per frame.</li>
<li>From 2018.3 onwards, Unity loads Enlighten data on the loading thread. The main thread schedules albedo/emissive rendering, and you can control the budget with the <code>DynamicGI.materialUpdateTimeSlice</code> API.</li>
<li>Note: Unity only reads Enlighten data on the loading thread when running in the Player. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/enlighten-realtime-light-probes-data-fail-to-load">975975</a>)</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>GI: Reduced baking artifacts in areas that use interpolated normals.</p></li>
<li><p>GI: The Lighting window now displays the Light Probes convergence status during baking.</p></li>
<li><p>GI: The Lightmap window Memory view can now show allocations greater than 4Gb.</p></li>
<li><p>GI: To improve performance, Unity now only extracts Materials when the Progressive Lightmap baking back-end is running.</p></li>
<li><p>GI: Add buttons to enable Lightprobe deringing.</p></li>
</ul>

#### 
<ul>
<li><p>GI: Unity now caches Progressive Lightmapper G-Buffers in the GI cache. Lightmap baking starts quicker if the G-Buffer is already in the cache.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added 'Clamp BlendShapes (Deprecated)' option in PlayerSettings to toggle BlendShape weight range clamping and replaced the FloatField with a Slider in SkinnedMeshRenderer. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/skinnedmeshrenderer-blendshapeweight-is-clamped-from-0-to-100">741808</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added physical camera Gate Fit modes to Camera properties.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added support for a "linearGrey" texture in ShaderLab as a default Texture. It is grey 50% in linear space.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added the possibility to use ComputeBuffer in "native" Metal shaders (written in Metal's shading language).</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Blend shapes now use compute shaders where supported. You must enable GPU Skinning in Player Settings.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Disabled robust buffer access when using Vulkan in Player builds.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Implemented Asynchronous readback of GPU resources for the Metal API.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Improved error messages issued when creating a texture with a specific format fail.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Metal now supports GPU skinning with Compute Shaders.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Removing the Wind Module no longer disables particles and terrain. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/particles-removing-the-wind-module-disables-particles">1085664</a>, 1096340)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: <code>Texture2DArray</code> GameObjects now have an improved Editor, including the ability to preview the Textures in the Array.</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Added "Master" configuration to the IL2CPP compiler configuration drop-down. This configuration is optimized for speed, with complete disregard for build time. It enables compiler options that slow down compilation (for example, link time code generation on Windows-based platforms). Generated Visual Studio projects for IL2CPP scripting backend on Windows Standalone and Universal Windows Platform now also contain an optional "MasterWithLTCG" configuration, which you can use to enable these settings. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/master-builds-with-il2cpp-take-10-times-longer-than-in-2018-dot-2">1089249</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>iOS: Added profiler blocks in native code for input events in the new input system, which enables you to see number of incoming input events.</p></li>
<li><p>Kernel: Improved archive header read performance by reducing system IO calls.</p></li>
<li><p>Kernel: The contents of ProjectVersion.txt are now updated automatically after the user accepts the 'Project Upgrade' prompt dialog shown when opening an existing project in a newer version of Unity.</p></li>
<li><p>License: Added two parameters ('createManualActivationFile' and 'manualLicenseFile') to allow you to activate your license offline via command line.</p></li>
<li><p>License: Unity now displays an error message when a Personal Edition license is blocked.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Added access to the package's author from the Unity Package Manager.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Added experimental support for Git package dependencies.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Added experimental support for scoped (private) registries.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Added logging package upgrades to a file.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Added references to package <code>asmdef</code> files in the Object Picker.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Made several improvements to the Package Manager UI, including being able to filter the packages displayed.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Package Manager UI release 2.0.3:</p> 
<ul>
<li>Changed the behavior to keep showing updates even if "Show Preview Packages" is not checked while a preview package is being installed.</li>
<li>Changed the behavior before a user chooses to show or hide Preview Packages:</li>
<li>If a preview package is already installed, "Show Preview Packages" is enabled.</li>
<li>If no preview packages are installed, "Show Preview Packages" is not enabled.</li>
<li>Changed the behavior to save the user's choice after they have decided to show or hide Preview Packages.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>Particles: Added "Emit Probability" property to Particle System Sub Emitters. This controls the chance that the sub-emitter emits particles.</p></li>
<li><p>Particles: Added 'Probability' option to the Burst emission, to enable a random chance that a burst will or will not trigger.</p></li>
<li><p>Particles: Exposed a culling mode option that enables you to control over particle simulation whilst offscreen. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shuriken-culled-particle-systems-cause-cpu-spikes-when-re-entering-view-after-some-time">765905</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Particles: Improved Shape Module gizmos to visualize the volume emission parameter.</p></li>
<li><p>Particles: The Texture Animation Module now supports a fixed FPS mode, and a speed-based mode.</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Physics.reuseCollisionCallbacks and Physics2D.reuseCollisionCallbacks properties are now enabled by default in all new Project Templates.</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Physics: Upgrade the PhysX version to 3.4.2. This is the latest release up to date.</p> 
<ul>
<li>Up to 2x faster, and more accurate queries</li>
<li>Improved multi-threaded simulation and broadphase that saturate cores noticeably better</li>
<li>Improved convex collisions in PCM mode</li>
<li>More accurate collisions vs terrain, unified with the mesh collisions now</li>
<li>Support for negative scaling of concave meshes (w/o baking!)</li>
<li>Faster &amp; more accurate convex hull generator (based on Quickhull), it doesn't need inflation</li>
<li>Speculative CCD; now fast rotations can be dealt with (think Pinball flippers)</li>
<li>Simulation determinism now doesn't get affected by newly added Rigidbodies that don't belong to current islands</li>
<li>Mesh cooking is now at least 2x faster than before</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>Playables: Improved PlayableGraph housekeeping which improves performance for large numbers of PlayableGraphs, Timelines, or Animators.</p></li>
<li><p>Prefabs: When a Prefab Asset goes missing, Unity now displays the last known overridden root Prefab instance name. It now displays "MyGameObjectName (Missing Prefab)" instead of "Missing Prefab".</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Added an <strong>Options</strong> drop-down menu to the Hierarchy toolbar in the CPU Usage view on the <strong>Profiler</strong> window. This change collapses samples that only occur when running the game in the <strong>Editor</strong>. Collapsed samples do not add the size of their managed allocations (<strong>GC Alloc</strong> column) to the enclosing sample. The option to collapse samples is on by default, and the samples will show up as <strong>EditorOnly [SomeMethodName]</strong>.</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Added functionality so that <code>Recorder</code> objects can be configured to collect samples from a single thread.</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Added GC finalizer thread to <strong>Profiler</strong>, for the new <strong>Mono</strong> backend.</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Added PIX support in the Windows <strong>Editor</strong> for Windows CPU timeline captures. (1080203)</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Auto-registration added of <strong>Mono</strong> threads with <strong>Profiler</strong>.</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Enabled automatic profiling of scripting threads, for <strong>IL2CPP.</strong></p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Exposed <code>Profiler.maxUsedMemory</code> property in the API, and command line arguments, to control the maximum used memory by <strong>Profiler</strong>. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/being-able-to-deep-profile-entering-playmode-in-editor-is-an-important-use-case-but-it-requires-a-larger-internal-buffer">1049157</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Fixed incorrect total/used memory metrics in the <strong>Memory</strong> pane of the <strong>Profiler</strong>.</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Improved the performance of data integration into the <strong>Profiler</strong> window.</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: New <strong>Profiler</strong> blocks are now added automatically to infrequently run blocks, to avoid having sections of the Profiler with no data.</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Registered all native Unity threads with <strong>Profiler</strong>.</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Added support for Visual Studio 2019 code editor.</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Added the status code and name of the error (rather than a generic message) to the <code>error</code> property of <code>UnityWebRequest</code> when it encounters an HTTP error.</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Added <code>UNITY_SERVER</code> define, to enable server-specific script logic when building for server builds.</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Hides obsolete properties from IntelliSense using the <code>[EditorBrowsable]</code> attribute: -Visual Studio (without R#): works out of the box (Win, Mac).
-Visual Studio (with R#): the user needs to configure <strong>Filter members by [EditorBrowsable] attribute</strong> in R#. (https://www.jetbrains.com/help/resharper/Reference__Options__Environment__IntelliSense__Completion_Appearance.html).
-Visual Studio Code: works out of the box (Win, Mac).
-Rider: does not support filtering by <code>[EditorBrowsable]</code> attribute.</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Optimized 'DisallowMultipleComponent' check to be faster and not allocate garbage collection memory.</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Removed main thread limitation from the <code>LineUtility.Simplify</code> method.</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: <code>Allocator.Temp</code> memory in <code>NativeContainer</code> types is now automatically disposed of when returning from managed code back to native. Also enforced the restriction of passing <code>Allocator.Temp</code> memory to jobs, which enables the use of <code>Allocator.Temp</code> <code>NativeContainer</code> types in Burst compiled jobs.</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting Upgrade: Added log changes made to user assemblies by the AssemblyUpdater in the file <em>Editor.log</em>. For more information, see the Logging section in <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/APIUpdater.html">APIUpdater</a>.</p></li>
<li><p>Shaders: Generated GLSL shaders for GLSL 3.00 and higher now use medium precision instead of low precision.</p></li>
<li><p>Shaders: Shaders can now include files from packages directly, like this: <code>#include "Packages/packagename/IncludeFile.cginc"</code>.</p></li>
<li><p>SpeedTree: Added support for importing new SpeedTree v8 Assets (<code>.st</code> files) into Unity.</p> 
<ul>
<li>Added support for PBR rendering.</li>
<li>Improved vertex shader performance when computing the wind animation.</li>
<li>Added support for top-down Billboards.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>Terrain: Added a Mask map texture to the Terrain Layers, which is usable by custom Terrain shaders for more sophisticated shading.</p></li>
<li><p>Terrain: Added a normal scale setting, which allows you to control how far normals are disturbed from the neutral position for Terrain Layers.</p></li>
<li><p>Terrain: Added a per-pixel normal map on Terrain with instancing enabled.</p></li>
<li><p>Terrain: Made changes to allow users to specify a shader, so that shading of the basemap pass better matches the splatting passes. To do this, add the <code>BaseMapGenShader</code> dependency for generating the Terrain basemaps.</p></li>
<li><p>Testing: Introduced an NUnit constraint for testing whether code allocates any GC memory, along with supporting classes to integrate with NUnit's fluent <code>Assert.That</code> syntax. This allows you to write very concise tests to assert that your code doesn't allocate any GC memory.</p></li>
<li><p>Timeline: Added an API to rebind the PlayableOutputs to the scene.</p></li>
<li><p>Timeline: Added different colors and icons in the Timeline window when editing a PlayableDirector in prefab isolation mode.</p></li>
<li><p>Timeline: Improved performance and reduced allocations when playing a Timeline.</p></li>
<li><p>Timeline: Improved root animation in the Timeline window.</p></li>
<li><p>Timeline: The scene offset mode on an Animation track now uses the existing scene position and rotation when previewing in the Editor.</p></li>
<li><p>Timeline: The Timeline window now evaluates objects based on their scene position when an Animation track has no clips or extrapolation.</p></li>
<li><p>UI: Added Sprite Atlas Late-Binding support for UI.</p></li>
<li><p>UI: Added the ability to to use Sprite Tight Mesh inside Unity UI.</p></li>
<li><p>UI: Updated the way Unity generates bold characters when it cannot find an bold font. Unity now thickens the glyph strokes rather than horizontally distorting the glyph. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mac-chinesse-bolded-arial-font-style-looks-wide-in-editor">966667</a>, 983200)</p></li>
<li><p>UI: Updated <code>UI.InputField</code> to use a cached version of <code>WaitForSecondsRealtime</code> to reduce GC.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Added support for building player with Visual Studio 2019.</p></li>
<li><p>Web: UnityWebRequest now supports cookies in the same game session. Added API to remove them.</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Android apps that use ARCore can now use multi-threaded rendering.</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Linear color space now works on Oculus Go and Quest. For Gear VR, driver issues might prevent linear color space from working with S7 Adreno phones on Android 7.0.</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Using presence detection on Windows Mixed Reality is now more responsive and reliable.</p></li>
<li><p>XR: XR LWRP Improvements:</p> 
<ol>
<li>Implemented single-pass double wide rendering as a stereo rendering method fallback for Android devices that do not support single-pass instancing or multi-view.</li>
<li>You can no longer select stereo multi-pass rendering from the Player Settings when an SRP is in use.</li>
<li>Unity automatically selects single-pass stereo rendering if multi-pass was previously selected before using an SRP.</li>
<li>Resolved Android y-flip issues.</li>
<li>Shadows now render correctly on all Android platforms when using multi-view stereo rendering.</li>
<li>Unity no longer renders the VR watermark on a head-mounted display.</li>
<li>OpenGL invalid state errors are no longer present in adb logs.</li>
</ol></li>
</ul>
