# Unity 2020.3.20
https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2020.3.20

## 2020.3.20f1 Release Notes


### Features
<ul>
<li>Version Control: Added horizontal scroll bar to Changesets list for easier viewing.<br> Added auto-login for SSO credentials handler.<br>
Added metrics for changeset tab usage.<br>
Added metrics for checkin actions.<br>
Added new Undo icon.<br>
Added missing API documentation.<br>
Added ability to modify assets without checkout.<br>
Added ability to allow empty checkin messages.<br>
Added empty checking message localization.<br>
Added Plastic toolbar button to Unity editor.<br>
Added notification icon for incoming changes to Plastic toolbar button.</li>
</ul>

### Improvements
<ul>
<li><p>2D: Cache internal reflection to speed up Sprite editing data access.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Now shaders will have SHADER_API_(DESKTOP|MOBILE) define set according to the target build platform</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Improved error logging for the CopyTexture function.</p></li>
</ul>

### Changes
<ul>
<li><p>Package: Updated Version Control package to 1.11.2.   Please refer to the package changelog online here:<br> https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.collab-proxy@1.11/changelog/CHANGELOG.html</p></li>
<li><p>Package: Updated Windows MR XR SDK package to 4.6.0. Please refer to the package changelog online here:<br> https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.windowsmr@4.6/changelog/CHANGELOG.html</p></li>
</ul>

### Fixes
<ul>
<li><p>2D: Fixed an issue where the Sprite Editor Window was not disabled when readonly assets were selected. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2d-sprite-editor-instantiated-default-assets-can-be-edited-in-sprite-editor">1364044</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Allow Android on-screen keyboard dismiss behavior match iOS (1274669)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Pipeline: Fixed a crash inside Physics Manager when a Default Material was present and we shut down. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-importing-a-physicsmaterial-crashes-the-editor-inside-physicmaterial-reset">1338910</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Pipeline: Fixed an asset matching inconsistency issue with 'Compress Assets on Import' preference setting. This fix can cause textures to get reimported. (1353343)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Pipeline: Fixed an issue where ScriptableObjects could be loaded when querying their type using AssetDatabase.GetMainAssetTypeAtPath(). (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/assetdatabase-dot-getmainassettypeatpath-sometimes-loads-objects-when-deriving-their-type-and-leaves-them-loaded">1351973</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Pipeline: Fixed an issue where the main object name did not update correctly when duplicating or copying assets. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/renamed-or-duplicated-scriptableobject-contains-old-assets-name-till-saveporject-is-pressed">1227555</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Pipeline: Fixed for a crash that would occur if ImportAsset was called with "Assets\" path. Also fixed an issue where any folder path ending with path separator did not get imported. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/double-slash-at-the-end-of-the-assets-folder-path-crashes-editor-when-invoked">1354411</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Audio: Fixed a crash on AudioCustomFilter::GetOrCreateDSP when recompiling scripts while in Play Mode. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-audiocustomfilter-getorcreatedsp-when-recompiling-scripts-while-in-play-mode">1354002</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Audio: Fixed an issue where the inspector window did not immediately show the "Wet" slider after selecting "Allow wet mixing" on an effect in the AudioGroup Strip View. (1276039)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Ensure RootEditor API behaves as expected and allows to totally highjack the inspector. (1346788)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where Command+Backspace did not delete elements from reorderable arrays. (1329602)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where tooltips were not displayed for the reorderable lists. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/tooltips-are-not-displayed-in-inspector-when-hovering-over-the-reorderable-array-slash-list-property">1345236</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where UI options which were missing in Hierarchy window after exiting safemode. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ui-option-is-missing-from-the-hierarchy-context-menu-after-exiting-safe-mode">1358716</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: On Windows, LTS builds of the editor will now each have their own entry in Add/Remove programs (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/final-release-versions-are-not-listed-separately-in-programs-and-features-list-of-applications-in-the-system">1267038</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed a albedo renderer detects shaders are still loading issue. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/lighting-urp-cyan-tint-baked-into-reflection-probes-in-scene-view">1277657</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed a crash when uploading large number of texture assets in DX12. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-tiledtexturemanager-createtexture-when-creating-a-large-amount-of-assets-in-one-batch">1324699</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed a race condition deadlock when loading textures synchronously. (1353805)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Updated the embedded (external) TinyExr library to v1.0. (1345230)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Correct the behavior of Marshal.Offset so that it properly accounts for the alignment requirements of fields that occur after a struct field. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/marshal-dot-offsetof-returns-incorrect-offset-when-building-the-project-with-il2cpp-scripting-backend">1346805</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Fixed an issue that could lead to builds not re-building when input files are passed using --compiler-flags= or --linker-flags= command line switches. This also affected certain use cases such as changing resolution settings in PS4/PS5 builds, which are now fixed and will properly rebuild when these settings are changed. (1343625)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Fixed detectable boxing during constrained call on structs. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/il2cpp-incorrect-results-when-calling-a-method-from-outside-class-in-a-struct">1254522</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Prevent an IndexOutOfRangeException from occurring for file access to relative paths on PlayStation platforms. (1317819)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Prevent an intermittent crash from happening during thread detach when many threads are calling reverse p/invoke wrappers at the same time. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-crash-in-gc-mark-from-when-using-monopinvokecallbackattribute">1358863</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>IMGUI: Fixed an issue when using a Non-ReorderableList, pressing the Delete key on one of the element deletes it from the array. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/you-cannot-delete-items-from-a-nonreorderable-list-using-the-delete-keyboard-button">1335322</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Fixed an issue where input events were being lost on Android and optimized input processing performance. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/doubletap-not-working-some-specific-android-and-ios-devices">1337296</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>iOS: Fixed an issue where UaaL did not displays properly if embedded in app with SceneDelegate support. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios13-scene-does-not-load-when-using-unity-as-a-library">1266702</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Linux: Fixed an issue where linux toolchain package was installed while editor was playing. (1344023)</p></li>
<li><p>macOS: Fixed build failing when a .bundle plugin is encountered that does not have an Info.plist file. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mac-build-throws-an-error-when-a-native-plugin-bundle-file-does-not-contain-info-dot-plist-file">1360646</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>macOS: Fixed build failing when a .bundle plugin is encountered that does not have the executable name specified in its Info.plist file. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-failed-to-parse-errors-are-thrown-when-building-with-a-macos-plugin-bundle-that-includes-embedded-app-files">1330017</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>macOS: Fixed Cursor.lockState registers input movement as if the mouse is moved to the center first before following the actual mouse movement. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mac-cursor-dot-lockstate-registers-input-movement-to-center-when-mouse-is-moved">1283506</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>macOS: Fixed key display names for non-letter keys and letter keys when using non-English keyboard layouts in the new input system. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mac-inputsystem-inputaction-dot-getbindingdisplaystring-does-not-correctly-map-keys-after-changing-system-language">1356230</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Particles: Automatically mark textures as readable, if used by the Particle System Shape module. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/error-appears-in-the-console-when-using-the-default-particle-systems-textures-as-the-shape-texture">1344356</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Serialization: Keep references to unknown ScriptableObject as "Missing" instead becoming "None" when loading Scene or Prefab. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/null-references-on-prefab-after-changes-are-made-to-scriptableobject-guid-and-public-script-references">1328065</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Serialization: Reference from Prefab to missing asset becomes valid once asset is added back to project, without reimport. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/references-on-prefabs-arent-automatically-added-when-the-target-of-the-missing-reference-is-imported">1270634</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Shaders: UsePass with local keywords will now always use correct keywords. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shader-with-usepass-is-missing-certain-passes-in-a-player-build">1329514</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Fixed a highlighter positioning and draw order issue. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-editor-highlighter-does-not-work-well">1174816</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Fixed a scissor clipping on hidden elements issue. (1340827)</p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue whene elements hover and focused states were not properly reset when attaching to a new hierarchy. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/the-hover-state-stays-on-the-button-when-the-button-element-is-cleared-while-in-hover-state-and-loaded-in-later-again">1287198</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Fixed the Styles section of the UI Toolkit Samples window. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ui-toolkit-samples-window-styles-examples-are-not-showing-focused-or-hover-styles">1340119</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Fixed a small textbox on checkin dialog when launched from context menu.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Fixed a workspace NullReferenceException issue.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Fixed an issue when context menu would sometimes disappear.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Fixed an issue where auto login errors were not showing up for users.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Fixed an issue where the notification icon did not show on Plastic window.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Fixed an issue where the Texture2D error would pop up after downloading a project.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Fixed unexpected error message after user switched workspace to a label.</p></li>
<li><p>Video: Increased VideoClipImporter version following a fix that adds missing platform dependencies in this importer.</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Fixed an issue where TAB keys were being ignored by UI input fields. (1281765)</p></li>
</ul>

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.13+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.13+ and Xcode 9.0 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK</p></li>
</ul>

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>Desktop:</p> 
<ul>
<li>OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.13+, Ubuntu 18.04+</li>
<li>Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.</li>
<li>CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>iOS player requires iOS 11.0 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities</p></li>
<li><p>Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build</p></li>
</ul>
