# Unity 2020.1.17

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2020.1.17

## 2020.1.17f1 Release Notes

- [System Requirements Changes](#system-requirements-changes)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### System Requirements Changes

### For running Unity games

*   iOS: minimum version incremented to 10.0 (from 9.0).

### Fixes

*   Asset Import: Fixed wrong pivot conversion when ResampleCurves is disabled in ModelImporter. ([1283884](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/animation-stutters-when-resample-curves-option-is-disabled-in-model-import-settings-animation-tab))
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where filenames could be corrupted when dragging files into the project window. ([1288679](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/files-are-renamed-when-dragged-into-unity-using-file-explorer))
    
*   GI: Fixed crash in Enlighten::CpuUpdateManager::UpdateGpuTexture when starting GI bake after baking previous scene with GPU progressive lightmapper. ([1250819](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-in-enlighten-cpuupdatemanager-updategputexture-when-starting-gi-bake-after-baking-previous-scene-with-gpu-plm))
    
*   GI: Fixed to make GPU lightmapper work on Apple Silicon.
    
*   GI: Fixed to prevent user from assigning realtimeTexture to a customProbe, and show a warning if attempted. ([1243849](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-reflectionprobes-presentprobe-when-calling-reflectionprobe-dot-renderprobe-in-start-method))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed issue where SRP cannot know if a specific platform can do multiview rendering. It is hardcoded in for Android.  
    This will allow it to check a bool if it is possible on the platform.
    
*   iOS: Fixed to prevent a possible hang on shutdown after UnityWebRequest is used with TLS. ([1233486](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-tvos-application-dot-quit-freezes-the-application-if-unitywebrequest-was-called))
    
*   Linux: Fixed to no longer export statically linked lib's symbols thus making it easier for plugin developers to use 3rd party libs. ([1255038](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-crash-on-debugstringtofile-when-entering-play-mode-due-to-an-openssl-library-dependency))
    
*   Package: Fixed an issue where CinemachineBlendListCamera was incorrectly holding 0-length camera cuts.
    
*   Package: Fixed an issue where OnTargetObjectWarped was broken for CinemachineOrbitalTransposer. ([1274989](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cinemachine-camera-stutters-when-it-has-cinemachinebrain-component-and-it-is-using-the-smart-update-method))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed an issue causing the incorrect ApiCompatibilityLevel to be selected when compiling C# assemblies in certain circumstances. ([1252197](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/reference-to-type-vector4-claims-it-is-defined-in-system-dot-numerics-but-it-could-not-be-found-after-recompiling-scripts))
    

### API Changes

*   Editor: Added: Added EditorUtility.IsRunningUnderCPUEmulation to detect whether Unity is running under CPU emulation.

### Changes

*   Package Manager: Updated com.unity.purchasing to 2.2.1, adding full support for the implementation of GooglePlay Billing Library v3 library in the Asset Store In-App Purchasing module (includes an essential runtime hotfix over 2.2.0).

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build