# Unity 2019.3.1

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2019.3.1

## 2019.3.1f1 Release Notes

- [System Requirements Changes](#system-requirements-changes)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### System Requirements Changes

### For running Unity games

*   Android:
    
    *   Minimum version incremented to 4.4 (from 4.1).
    *   Removed Atom CPU recommendation.
*   iOS: minimum version incremented to 10.0 (from 9.0).
    

### Fixes

*   Animation: Fixed a performance issue when multiple animators are transitioning at the same time. ([1184690](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/animator-dot-update-cpu-time-spikes-when-multiple-animations-are-playing))
    
*   Editor: Do not show Curl error from UnityWebRequests, performed by Unity itself. (1210000)
    
*   Editor: Fixed a bug where Unity would steal focus from the current active app when entering play mode. The dock icon will now bounce to inform the user that play mode has been entered. ([1188530](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/connection-fails-when-creating-a-link-using-collab-on-centos))
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where after changing the branch material, modifying the properties in the inspector window throws console errors ([1206697](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/terrain-nullreferenceexception-on-modifying-properties-of-tree-components-when-branch-material-is-set-to-any-material))
    
*   Editor: Fixed the issue foldout icon under the Collider2D Inspector ([1209745](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/imgui-dropdown-icon-for-contacts-properties-doesnt-work-under-polygon-collider-2d-component-in-the-inspector))
    
*   Editor: PropertyDrawer for SerializeReference instances in array now support topological changes on array. ([1201979](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/managedreference-array-elements-get-drawn-with-wrong-propertydrawers-after-array-reordering))
    
*   GI: Fix LightProbes not being removed properly when unloading an additively loaded scene. ([1206865](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/lightprobes-dot-tetrahedralize-and-lightprobes-dot-tetrahedralizeasync-not-longer-works-when-unloading-scene))
    
*   GI: Fixed a crash when baking with Enlighten that could occasionally happen when adding and removing lights with different falloffs ([1205313](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-spookyhash-short-when-continually-interrupting-auto-generating-light))
    
*   Graphics: Fix an issue where dimension CubeArray of RenderTexture calculation was wrong on Metal and Vulkan. ([1213418](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-editor-crashes-after-assigning-hdrp-asset))
    
*   Graphics: Fix for flickering shadows when using SRP with Vulkan
    
*   Graphics: Fix issue with objects not being rendered in HDRP when renderer is in camera motion vector only mode and has a material with an enabled motion vector pass.  
    This is specifically the case with mesh outputs in VFX Graph ([1200423](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shadergraph-mesh-outputs-in-the-vfx-graph-dont-render-correctly-when-using-a-shadergraph-lit-shader))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a crash that happened when running the PlayMode test from project TestProjects\\HDRP\_DXR\_Tests in the SRP repository. (1215589)
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue with cameras only clearing to color when using SRP/URP ([1210093](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/urp-macos-game-view-is-overlayed-by-background-color-when-background-type-solid-color-property-is-selected))
    
*   Graphics: make sure GetDimensions call generate proper metal code (1211484)
    
*   IMGUI: Foldout icon for "Contacts" properties under the Polygon2D collider component does not work. ([1209745](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/imgui-dropdown-icon-for-contacts-properties-doesnt-work-under-polygon-collider-2d-component-in-the-inspector))
    
*   Kernel: Fixed long stall on domain reload, if many job handles were never Complete()'d
    
*   Kernel: Fixed SRP renderer based jobhandle leaks due to not completing job handles
    
*   Kernel: NativeCollections Leak detection mode now uses the Editor prefs so it is correctly saved into the editor prefs file (Previously it was only saved when entering play mode since it was stored in player prefs)
    
*   Kernel: Optimised waking up of worker jobs when scheduling new jobs.
    
*   Package Manager: Bugfixes to the Burst Inspector UI
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed a NullReferenceException happening in a call stack involving CecilExtensions.IsDelegate(...).
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed a potential NullReferenceException when editing Burst AOT settings for standalone players.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed burst compilation toggle behaviour which previously had unpredictable results.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed caching of compiled jobs/function pointers.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed compilation requests being lost when using asynchronous compilation.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed error handling and messages infrastructure.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed function pointers to work in standalone player.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed issue for UWP to avoid an AssemblyResolutionException for types within Windows.\* WinMd assemblies.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed issue ldflda opcode when the input on the stack is a value and not a pointer.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed issue on iOS where standalone player builds could fail, depending on number of burst-able functions found.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed issue with a potential ArgumentException The output byte buffer is too small happening in the Editor when Burst is trying to compile a function that is producing a large log error.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed issue with a TypeLoadException related when trying to load PDB.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed issue with an exception occurring in mono\_string\_len.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed issue with BurstCompiler.CompileFunctionPointer not working in a standalone player if Burst was disabled via standalone player build settings.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed issue with calli not being handled correctly.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed issue with debugging source locations that were no longer generated for standalone players.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed multi-threaded compilation of jobs/function pointers in the editor.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed multi-threaded compilation support when building a standalone player.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed multiple issues with JIT cache.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed wrong MethodImpl(MethodImplOptions.NoOptimization) on functions.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed wrong multi-LLVM versions support.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed Issue with a potential InvalidOperationException related to ABI layout when compiling a function pointer on Linux/Mac.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed issue with a potential NullReferenceException when building a player for UWP.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed Issue with sizeof on a struct defined in another assembly and would return the size of a pointer type instead of a real struct layout.
    
*   Physics: Fixed an issue where a large amount of inertia would be generated during the initial setup of a cloth instance. ([1217200](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cloth-gets-affected-by-large-force-at-the-start-of-simulation))
    
*   Physics: Fixed an issue where the initial value assigned to the "Use Gravity" checkbox inside the cloth inspector would be ignored on entering Playmode ([1217521](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cloth-still-uses-gravity-when-use-gravity-is-unchecked))
    
*   Physics: Fixed an issue where velocity generated during the translation of a Cloth object would not have the proper direction ([1192837](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cloths-movement-simulation-is-incorrect-when-the-game-object-is-rotated-in-world-space))
    
*   Profiler: Fix exception is thrown on selecting Memory from Profiler window. ([1198768](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/exception-is-thrown-with-profiler-window-turning-blank-on-selecting-memory-module-from-profiler-window))
    
*   Profiler: Fixed a crash that could occur while profiling a remote target from the Editor with the aforementioned target suddenly disconnecting. (1212267)
    
*   Profiler: Raise an argument exception if a null or empty name string is provided when beginning a profiler sample. ([1205482](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-unityengine-dot-profiling-dot-profiler-beginsampleimpl-when-calling-profiler-dot-beginsample-null))
    
*   Terrain: Moved warning of missing Terrain detail shaders to inspector ([1195070](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-detail-rendering-shaders-not-found-warning-is-thrown-when-new-scene-is-created-or-contains-a-terrain-object))
    
*   XR: Fix NULL Deref exception due to WorldAnchorStore reload when using Windows Mixed Reality. (1212118)
    

### Improvements

*   Editor: Updated test-framework package to version: 1.1.11

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.4 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build