# Unity 2019.4.28

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2019.4.28

## 2019.4.28f1 Release Notes

- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### Improvements

*   2D: Tilemap.GetSprite now returns the currently animated Sprite for an animated Tile instead of the initially set Sprite.
    
*   IL2CPP: Correctly provide the source file hash so that a managed debugger can determine when a source file has changed and provide a proper warning.
    
*   Package Manager: Corrected provide the source file hash so that a managed debugger can determine when a source file has changed and provide a proper warning.
    

### Changes

*   Android: Updated Android Logcat package to version 1.2.2.
    
*   Package: Updated Addressables package to version 1.16.19.
    
*   Package: Updated com.unity.ide.visualstudio package to version 2.0.8.
    
*   Package: Updated com.unity.purchasing package to version 3.0.1.
    
*   XR: Updated Oculus XR Plugin package to version 1.9.1.
    

### Fixes

*   2D: Fixed initial rendering animated tiles when a CompleteObjectUndo is registered for a Tilemap while in Play mode.
    
*   2D: Fixed wrong Sprites being shown for Animated Tiles when TilemapRenderer is in Individual mode and user sets new Tiles on the Tilemap. ([1329054](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2d-animated-tile-rendering-glitch-in-animated-tile-chunk-in-individual-mode))
    
*   Android: Fixed crash on startup on Android 4.4 devices. ([1331290](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/app-stops-due-to-onpixelcopyfinishedlistener-not-being-supported-on-devices-with-lower-than-24-sdk))
    
*   Animation: Fixed an issue where the animator parameter values would truncate float values to 1 decimal. ([1308930](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/float-type-parameter-in-the-animator-controller-displays-0-dot-0-after-being-changed-to-0-dot-01))
    
*   Asset Import: Fixed infinite asset import loop during InitializeOnLoad when Editor script uses CreateAsset and importParameters change during import. ([1323499](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-gets-stuck-in-import-loop-when-creating-an-asset-during-initializeonload-with-entities-package-installed))
    
*   Burst: Fixed a crash that was caused by member function debug information on tvOS.
    
*   Burst: Fixed an UnauthorizedAccessException that could occur when using Burst in players built for the macOS App Sandbox.
    
*   Editor: Added System.IO.Compression to reference assemblies when targeting .NET 4.7.1 (editor only contexts). ([1275859](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/console-errors-are-thrown-when-using-system-dot-io-dot-compression-in-the-editor-folder))
    
*   Editor: Fixed items in right click menu doing nothing on arrays in scriptable object with custom editors. ([1307389](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/right-click-options-do-nothing-on-arrays-in-scriptable-object-with-custom-editors))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a crash when loading old asset bundles that contain Vulkan shader binaries. ([1308947](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-vk-decompressshader-when-loading-an-assetbundle-with-assetbundle-dot-loadfromfile-and-using-vulkan-graphics-api))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed mip streaming for static batched meshes and use of CombineMesh API. (1329555)
    
*   IL2CPP: Corrected the behavior of Mathf.RoundToInt with Mathf.Infinity on ARM architectures. (1323419)
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed "Use of undeclared identifier 'BoxNullable'" error. ([1328819](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-mars-companion-application-fails-to-deploy-in-xcode-with-error-use-of-undeclared-identifier-boxnullable))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed crash due to race condition allocating memory in MetadataCache::GetGenericInst. (1323462)
    
*   iOS: Fixed a performance issue where Microphone.Start would cause CPU spikes on iOS. If the user selects the player setting "Prepare iOS for Recording", these spikes have been eliminated. They will now only occur when switching back-and-forth between a built-in microphone and a Bluetooth microphone. When using "Prepare iOS for Recording", most projects will also want to set "Force iOS Speakers when Recording". ([1281833](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mobile-microphone-dot-start-method-invocation-causes-200-800ms-spikes))
    
*   Kernel: Fixed an issue with Atomic 64-bit Load/Store on Win32/UWP x86. Reads and writes to 64-bit values are not guaranteed to be atomic on 32-bit Windows.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue in the Package Manager port selection logic which could sometimes prevent Unity from connecting to it on startup. (1328669)
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue where adding packages from a registry which returned invalid publish dates would fail. ([1318975](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/packages-cannot-be-added-from-a-registry-that-returns-invalid-publish-dates-windows-only))
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue where Git dependencies using annotated tags for revisions could not be resolved. ([1325920](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/package-resolution-error-when-using-a-git-dependency-referencing-an-annotated-tag-in-its-git-url))
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue where the `UnityEditor.PackageManager.Client.SearchAll` method would result in a connection error despite using `offlineMode = true`. ([1319585](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/packagemanager-dot-client-dot-searchall-offlinemode-true-returns-an-error-if-user-offline))
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue which could sometimes cause package resolution errors due to `EMFILE` errors in projects with a large number of packaged assets.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue which could sometimes lead to missing files in successfully resolved packages in projects with a large number of packaged assets.
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue which prevented starting `UnityPackageManager.exe` on Windows when its path contained non-ANSI Unicode characters. ([1317244](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-wont-start-with-unicode-install-path))
    
*   Particles: Fixed incorrect error check in SetParticles that would cause an exception to be thrown when the offset value was equal or greater than the particles array length. ([1313413](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/offset-is-outside-the-valid-range-error-is-thrown-when-setting-the-particles-with-the-same-variables-as-getting-them))
    
*   Physics: Fixed an issue where setting an array of null bone transforms to a SkinnedMeshRenderer via the 'bones' property, would cause a crash if a Cloth component was present on the same GameObject. ([1328023](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-when-cloth-with-skinnedmeshrenderer-has-null-bone-references))
    
*   Physics: Fixed inertia tensor not updating when a collider is removed. ([937998](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/inertia-tensor-is-not-reset-when-a-collider-is-removed))
    
*   Prefabs: Fixed changing the GUID of a Prefab in Prefab Mode in isolation triggers different issues.
    
*   Profiler: Fixed Profiler Window CPU Usage chart highlighting selected sample in all frames.
    
*   Scene Manager: Fixed an issue to prevent loading scene where multiple objects have same identifier. ([1249893](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-unpackprefabinstancerecursive-when-entering-play-mode-in-a-scene-with-broken-prefabs))
    
*   Scene/Game View: Fixed SceneView.rotation value incorrectly affecting camera rotation in 2D mode. ([1314928](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cameras-z-position-is-clamped-to-zero-when-in-scene-view))
    
*   Serialization: Fixed Property Diff after clearing array w/refs. ([1266303](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/serializereference-field-from-scriptableobject-loses-value-when-deleting-last-array-item-and-then-pressing-undo))
    
*   Services: Fixed bug where Accelerator namespace was not added when opening project with  
    \-cacheServerNamespacePrefix argument. ([1294806](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/accelerator-namespace-not-added-when-opening-project-with-cacheservernamespaceprefix-argument))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed a crash when PrimitiveID is the only input to a stage. ([1289378](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/internal-error-communicating-with-the-shader-compiler-process-when-sv-primitiveid-is-the-only-input-signature))
    
*   UI Elements: Fixed problem with inspector redrawing unnecessarily.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Fixed word suggestion not appearing in the Windows On Screen Keyboard when editing an InputField or TextMeshPro control. ([1332468](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/uwp-word-suggestions-arent-displayed-when-entering-text-into-an-inputfield-slash-tmp-via-softkeyboard))
    
*   Windows: Fixed an issue whereby X86\_64 is now the default Windows architecture. ([1283651](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/default-architecture-in-build-settings-is-x86-instead-of-x64))
    
*   XR: Fixed screenspace shadows with XR multiview. ([1168315](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/oculus-gearvr-cascade-shadows-are-not-rendered-on-mobile-devices-when-built-on-oculus-vr-sdk))
    
*   XR: Fixed World space UI to render in secondary cameras. (1326167)
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.4 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build