# Unity 2018.1
https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/unity-2018.1.0

## 2018.1.0f2 Release Notes (Full)


### System Requirements Changes
<ul>
<li>Removed support for Windows XP in standalone player builds. Windows Vista is the now minimum supported OS for Windows standalone player.</li>
<li>Deprecated support for MonoDevelop.  VisualStudio is now the recommended and supported C# editor on both macOS and Windows.</li>
</ul>

### Packages
<ul>
<li><p>Services: Updated Unity Ads (com.unity.ads) to <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UnityAds.html">v2.0.7</a>.</p> 
<ul>
<li>Note that this is not to be confused with the Unity Ads SDK version, which is v2.1.1.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>Services: Updated Analytics (com.unity.analytics) to <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UnityAnalytics.html">v2.0.16</a></p></li>
<li><p>Services: Updated IAP (com.unity.purchasing) to <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UnityIAP.html">v2.0.1</a></p></li>
<li><p>Services: Updated Standard Events (com.unity.standardevents) to <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UnityAnalyticsCustomEvents.html">v1.0.13</a></p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Added Package Manager UI (com.unity.package-manager-ui) at <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.package-manager-ui@1.8/changelog/CHANGELOG.html">v1.8.8</a></p> 
<ul>
<li>Note that versions 1.8.X of the package are verified for use with 2018.1.  Versions 1.9.x (or newer) may be available for download via the Package Manager UI itself, but are not officially verified for 2018.1.</li>
<li>See entry in Features section for further details.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>

### Features
<ul>
<li><p>2D: [Experimental] Added experimental API to support Sprite animation.</p></li>
<li><p>2D: [Experimental] Added the ability for you to add functionality for Sprite editing in the Sprite Editor Window.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Added a new interface, <code>IPostGenerateGradleAndroidProject</code>, with a callback that Unity calls after it generates the Android Gradle project, but before it builds it.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Added a new setting, <strong>Sustained Performance Mode</strong>, which sets a predictable, consistent level of device performance over longer periods of time without thermal throttling.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Added ARM64 (also known as AArch64) experimental support.</p></li>
<li><p>Animation: Added <strong>Position Constraint</strong>, <strong>Rotation Constraint</strong> and <strong>Scale Constraint</strong> components.</p> 
<ul>
<li>Also see "Constraint Creation" and "Constraint Activation" items.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>Animation: Added new <strong>Parent Constraint</strong> component.</p> 
<ul>
<li>Multisource Animation:</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
