# Unity 2020.3.10

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2020.3.10

## 2020.3.10f1 Release Notes

- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### Improvements

*   Asset Import: Improved overall performance of FBX files import.
    
*   Asset Import: Improved performance of ASCII FBX files import.
    
*   Graphics: Optimized static batching process, e.g. entering play mode with 30k static batched objects in the editor is faster by two seconds.
    
*   Graphics: Static batching and Mesh.CombineMeshes can handle more vertex formats now, for example Float16 normals or UVs. It also no longer clamps vertex colors to UNorm8 format - if input meshes have higher precision vertex colors, then combined mesh will have high precision colors too. ([1274815](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/assertion-triggered-by-mesh-dot-combinemeshes-when-underlying-meshs-vertex-format-has-changed))
    
*   macOS: Updated xcode project template to use "modern" build system. ([1326316](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-xcode-legacy-build-system-will-be-removed-when-future-xcode-version-is-released))
    

### Changes

*   Editor: Updated Collaborate package to allow users to migrate to Plastic.
    
*   Package: Updated the com.unity.purchasing package to version 3.1.0.
    
*   Package Manager: Changed "Import again" button text to "Reimport".
    
*   XR: Updated the Oculus XR Plugin package to version 1.9.1.
    

### Fixes

*   2D: Fixed an initial rendering animated tiles issue when a CompleteObjectUndo was registered for a Tilemap while in Play mode.
    
*   2D: Fixed an issue where wrong Sprites were being shown for Animated Tiles when TilemapRenderer was in Individual mode and user set new Tiles on the Tilemap. ([1329054](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2d-animated-tile-rendering-glitch-in-animated-tile-chunk-in-individual-mode))
    
*   Animation: Fixed an issue when setting the time of a playable manually would not fire events. ([1324763](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/animationevent-is-fired-late-or-isnt-fired-at-all-when-animations-motion-time-value-is-set-manually))
    
*   Asset Import: Fixed a performance regression the occured with animation import. ([1265275](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/performance-regression-importing-an-fbx-model-is-noticeably-slower-when-the-model-contains-animations))
    
*   Asset Import: Fixed an infinite asset import loop during InitializeOnLoad when the Editor script used CreateAsset and importParameters which changed during import. ([1323499](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-gets-stuck-in-import-loop-when-creating-an-asset-during-initializeonload-with-entities-package-installed))
    
*   Asset Import: Fixed an issue where a reference to an animation was lost when ModelImporter.clipAnimations was set from Script for the first time after importing a model. ([1246450](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/reference-to-animation-is-lost-when-modelimporter-dot-clipanimations-is-set-from-script-for-the-first-time-after-importing-a-model))
    
*   Asset Import: Fixed an issue where Import did not correctly update Avatar settings when switching from "Copy From Avatar". ([1213138](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/importer-fails-to-update-avatar-settings-correctly-when-switching-from-a-copied-avatar))
    
*   Build Pipeline: Fixed an issue where generating a build that includes a script which used serializable nested type deriving from type nesting it, could lead to a build at runtime. ([1310970](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/player-crashes-on-unitymain-when-a-class-with-the-serializable-attribute-inherits-from-a-class-which-is-not-serializable))
    
*   DX12: Fixed an issue where there was a change in color brightness when going from windowed to fullscreen when using linear color space. ([1297218](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/colors-of-scene-change-when-going-from-windowed-to-fullscreen-mode-using-direct3d12-and-linear-color-space))
    
*   Editor: Added System.IO.Compression to reference assemblies when targeting .NET 4.7.1 (editor only contexts). ([1275859](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/console-errors-are-thrown-when-using-system-dot-io-dot-compression-in-the-editor-folder))
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue in Material Editor where large thumbnails were not showing up correctly for material texture properties when the texture type was Texture2DArray or Texture3D. ([1288995](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shader-texture-is-not-displayed-in-texture-selector-preview-icon-when-texture-type-is-2d-array-and-3d))
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where both KeyDown and KeyUp events were invoked upon first click in the Game View when it was maximized through context menu. ([1325742](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/both-keydown-and-keyup-events-get-invoked-upon-first-mouse-click-in-game-view-when-its-maximized-by-context-menu-setting))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue where encoding an R8-image to JPG or TGA would result in a cyan-tinted image; The result is now gray, as is the case for R16-images and for encoding to PNG. ([1259972](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/images-with-encodetojpg-and-encodetotga-encoding-have-blue-tint-when-textureformat-dot-r8-format-is-used))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue where scratch buffer were reused on Metal which caused a glitch during particle simulation. ([1259523](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-rendering-of-particlesystems-can-be-corrupted-when-also-rendering-a-particlesystem-to-a-rendertexture))
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue where closing the sample reimport dialog would execute the reimport action anyway. (1335115)
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue where reimporting a sample would delete parent folders. ([1334082](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/reimporting-a-sample-deletes-all-non-empty-parent-folders-recursively-until-the-project-folder))
    
*   Particles: Fixed an issue where there was a 2 decimal point restriction in the Duration property. ([1319730](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/particle-system-duration-propertys-value-has-double-precision))
    
*   Physics: Fixed an issue where inertia tensor was not updating when a collider was removed. ([937998](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/inertia-tensor-is-not-reset-when-a-collider-is-removed))
    
*   Profiler: Fixed a race condition in the Shadow Casters stat observed which causef inconsistent collection of the stat. (1265648)
    
*   Scene/Game View: Fixed an issue where SceneView.rotation value was incorrectly affecting camera rotation in 2D mode. ([1314928](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cameras-z-position-is-clamped-to-zero-when-in-scene-view))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed a crash that was caused by passing a generic type into FindObjectsOfType. ([1312890](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mono-unity-crashes-when-calling-findobjectsoftype-with-a-generic-abstract-class-type-that-derives-from-monobehaviour))
    
*   Serialization: Fixed a crash on JSONUtility read when a class had both a field named "references" and \[SerializedReference\] fields. ([1198073](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-on-serializetraits-transfer-when-calling-jsonutility-dot-fromjson))
    
*   Terrain: Fixed an issue where terrain textures were turning black in Editor with MicroSplat asset store plugin. ([1323870](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/all-the-textures-are-cleared-when-creating-texture-array))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue where ListView item selection through PointerMoveEvent was not getting the PointerDown in certain cases. (1275295)
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue where the PropertyField would not use a custom label(if provided) when drawing a property with an IMGUI PropertyDrawer. ([1329405](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/label-set-with-editorguilayout-dot-propertyfield-is-overwritten-when-adding-range-component-to-the-field))
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Fixed an issue where word suggestion was not appearing in the Windows On Screen Keyboard when editing an InputField or TextMeshPro control. ([1332468](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/uwp-word-suggestions-arent-displayed-when-entering-text-into-an-inputfield-slash-tmp-via-softkeyboard))
    
*   XR: Added a warning indicatimh when a camera projection sets to Orthographic when XR is running and fixed error spamming. ([1305592](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/xr-sdk-console-window-is-spammed-with-errors-when-orthographic-cameras-clipping-plane-near-is-set-to-0-and-target-eye-to-both))
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.13+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.13+ and Xcode 9.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.13+, Ubuntu 16.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 11.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build