# Unity 2021.1.9

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2021.1.9

## 2021.1.9f1 Release Notes

- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)


### Improvements

*   Burst: Added support for having `[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.U1)]` or `[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.I1)]` on a `bool` external function parameter.
    
*   Editor: Updated ASTC texture compressor for about 30% compression time speedup.
    
*   Profiler: Added missing memory labels sizes to the memory snapshot format, in order to give real value to the prexisting label list. Api for access this data will be found inside the memory profiler package.
    
*   Profiler: Added profiler memory stats data, data is similar to the Profiler Module data found in the Profiler Window.
    
*   Profiler: Added profiler target data to memory snapshot format, data consists of elements such as unity version, product name, total gfx memory, total physical memory etc.
    
*   Profiler: Encoded managed heap section type inside the snapshot format, for retrieval via the memory profiler package.
    
*   Profiler: Reworked native connection reporting for the memory profiler in order to properly report connections between assets.
    
*   XR: Updated OpenXR Package to 1.2.0.
    

### API Changes

*   HDRP: Added: Added support for lighting full screen debug mode in automated tests.

### Changes

*   Burst: Fixed enums to match trunk AndroidArchitecture enums.
    
*   Package: Version change to 3.1.0 for com.unity.purchasing.
    
*   Package Manager: Changed "Import again" button text to "Reimport".
    
*   Timeline: Updated Timeline package to version 1.5.5.
    
*   XR: The Oculus XR Plugin package has been updated to 1.9.1.
    

### Fixes

*   2D: Fixed 2D Animation manual documentation.
    
*   2D: Fixed 2D Animation package description.
    
*   2D: Fixed 2D PSDImporter package description.
    
*   2D: Fixed crash when disabling Sprite Skin when multithreaded rendering is enabled. ([1296355](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-player-crashes-during-animation-unitygfxdeviceworker-unityframeworkvoid-transformverticesinnerloop))
    
*   2D: Fixed Sprite Editor Window not updaing when selection change was done when it is not in focus. ([1327065](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2d-spriteeditor-while-sprite-editor-tab-is-not-in-focus-sprite-rects-will-not-be-updated-and-causes-visual-errors))
    
*   2D: Fixed Sprite Editor Window shows up blank when Unity is relaunched in certain occasion. (1330622)
    
*   2D: Fixed Sprite Editor Window to reseting correctly after applying in certain occasion. ([1322204](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/skinning-editor-vertex-cant-be-created-after-modifying-vertexes-weight-and-when-sprite-is-from-the-psb-file))
    
*   2D: Fixed Unity hang when importing certain PSD files. ([1312835](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unity-hangs-when-importing-a-psd-file-using-an-importer-override))
    
*   AI: Fixed rare crash that happened when an OffMeshLink on the path of the NavMeshAgent gets disconnected due to modifications to the underlying NavMesh. ([1298211](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-unityplayer-unitymain-worldtotile-when-using-navmesh-agents))
    
*   Android: Fixed crash on startup on Android 4.4 devices. ([1331290](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/app-stops-due-to-onpixelcopyfinishedlistener-not-being-supported-on-devices-with-lower-than-24-sdk))
    
*   Android: Fixed issue where too large no compress settings list will break apk build procedure. ([1272592](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-build-fails-when-there-are-680-or-more-files-in-the-streaming-assets-folder))
    
*   Audio: Implemented missing reset functionality for AudioGroups. ([1256250](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/audio-reset-does-not-work-for-any-effect-added-in-audio-mixer))
    
*   Build Pipeline: Fixed issue where generating a build including script using serializable nested type deriving from type nesting it, could lead to a build at runtime. ([1310970](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/player-crashes-on-unitymain-when-a-class-with-the-serializable-attribute-inherits-from-a-class-which-is-not-serializable))
    
*   Burst: Crash due to member function debug information on tvOS.
    
*   Burst: Fixed a `NullReferenceException` in the Burst compiler when multi-dimensional arrays were used. The compiler now produces a correct error message telling users that multi-dimensional arrays are not supported by Burst.
    
*   Burst: Fixed DOTS Runtime Job Marshalling behaviour to properly handle marshalling generic Job types when not all closed forms of the generic type require marshalling.
    
*   Editor: ASTC texture compression should be platform and hardware invariant now (i.e. produce exactly the same results between AMD and Intel CPUs for example, which was not always the case before). ([1307140](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/asset-bundles-assets-have-different-crcs-when-built-on-diferent-editor-versions-or-operating-systems))
    
*   Editor: Fixed ArgumentOutOfRangeException in TreeView when collapsing rows in quick succession. ([1315468](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/profiler-argumentoutofrangeexception-gets-thrown-in-the-console-when-folding-a-large-amount-of-entries))
    
*   Editor: Fixed items in right click menu doing nothing on non reorderable arrays in scriptable object with custom editors. ([1307389](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/right-click-options-do-nothing-on-arrays-in-scriptable-object-with-custom-editors))
    
*   Editor: Resolved an issue where large thumbnail object fields would not scale their texture correctly. (1330963)
    
*   GI: Fixed performance regression when baking light probes with a light cookie in the scene. ([1323393](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/performance-regression-when-baking-light-probes-with-a-light-cookie-in-the-scene))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a situation which could cause the GPU to crash when a Skinned Mesh Renderer is assigned a mesh, which does not match the expected size/stride setup, and that Skinned Mesh Renderer is then used immediately before skinning has had a chance to happen.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed ACES filter artefact due to half floating point error on some mobile platforms.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed mip streaming for static batched meshes and use of CombineMesh API. (1329555)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed an issue where runtime debug window UI would leak game objects.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed an issue where sometime a docked lookdev could be rendered at zero size and break.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed artifact appearing when diffuse and specular normal differ too much for eye shader with area lights.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed blocky looking bloom when dynamic resolution scaling was used.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed contact shadows tile coordinates calculations.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed fog precision in some camera positions. ([1329603](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-theres-a-line-in-the-camera-preview-window-when-fog-is-enabled-and-the-camera-is-at-or-higher-than-fog-base-height))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed issue with history buffer allocation for AOVs when the request does not come in first frame.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed issue with RAS build fail when LOD was missing a renderer.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed LightCluster debug view for ray tracing.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed material Emission properties not begin animated when recording an animation. ([1328108](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-emission-input-variables-do-not-have-any-effect-when-animated))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed NaNs when denoising pixels where the dot product between normal and view direction is near zero. (1329624)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed null reference exception in Raytracing SSS volume component.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed pyramid color being incorrect when hardware dynamic resolution is enabled.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed ray traced reflections that were too dark for unlit materials. Reflections are now more consistent with the material emissiveness.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed SSR Accumulation with Offset with Viewport Rect Offset on Camera.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed undo of some properties on light editor.
    
*   iOS: Fixed occasional crash on shutdown in UnityMetalMemorylessDepth. (1333487)
    
*   macOS: Fixed code sign of ppc fat dylibs. (1319067)
    
*   macOS: Fixed loss of input and occasional crashes when connecting and reconnecting controllers. ([1315229](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-input-system-disconnecting-and-reconnecting-the-first-connected-gamepad-prevents-input-from-other-gamepads))
    
*   macOS: Updated xcode project template to use "modern" build system. ([1326316](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-xcode-legacy-build-system-will-be-removed-when-future-xcode-version-is-released))
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed a bug where closing the sample reimport dialog would execute the reimport action anyway. (1335115)
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed a bug where reimporting a sample would delete parent folders. ([1334082](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/reimporting-a-sample-deletes-all-non-empty-parent-folders-recursively-until-the-project-folder))
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed an issue in the Package Manager port selection logic which could sometimes prevent Unity from connecting to it on startup. (1328669)
    
*   Particles: Added support for copy/paste of entire modules via the module header context menu. ([1314490](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/particle-system-module-values-are-not-copied-when-right-clicking-and-selecting-copy-option))
    
*   Particles: Consider the entire particle volume when using the Trigger module. ([1325421](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shuriken-particle-with-outside-trigger-only-dies-when-it-hits-the-collider-with-the-center-of-the-particle))
    
*   Particles: Fixed velocity vertex stream for mesh particles. ([1328115](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/urp-particle-velocity-vertex-stream-broken-when-render-alignment-is-set-to-view-slash-facing-and-render-mode-is-set-to-mesh))
    
*   Physics: Fixed a crash when attempting to access the Rigidbody from the result of a OnCollision callback, when the object we've collided with is a ArticulationBody. The Collision.rigidbody member is now null in this case. ([1320314](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/oncollisionenter-with-articulation-body-crashes-when-calling-rigidbody-getvelocityatpoint))
    
*   Physics: Fixed an issue where setting an array of null bone transforms to a SkinnedMeshRenderer via the 'bones' property, would cause a crash if a Cloth component was present on the same GameObject. ([1328023](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-when-cloth-with-skinnedmeshrenderer-has-null-bone-references))
    
*   Prefabs: Access to Prefab Mode is now available for non-model immutable Prefabs via arrow buttons in the Hierarchy and for models, the Inspector's Open button is enabled. ([1324356](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/immutable-prefabs-cant-be-fully-opened-from-the-hierarchy-nor-the-open-button-in-the-inspector))
    
*   Scene/Game View: Fixed SceneView.rotation value incorrectly affecting camera rotation in 2D mode. ([1314928](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cameras-z-position-is-clamped-to-zero-when-in-scene-view))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed RuntimeInitializeOnLoadMethod attribute on methods within nested classes. ([962800](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/runtimeinitializeonloadmethod-is-not-called-if-it-is-part-of-nested-class))
    
*   Scripting: Setting Timeout property on a HttpClient object will now correctly propagate the timeout value to any HttpWebRequest objects created by it for async messaging. ([1313205](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/setting-httpclient-dot-timeout-to-a-value-greater-than-the-default-value-of-100-seconds-has-no-effect))
    
*   Scripting: When environment variable UNITY\_DIAG\_ENABLE\_DOMAIN\_RELOAD\_TIMINGS is set, write detailed timings on everything happening within domain reloads to the editor logs. (1328820)
    
*   Shadergraph: Fixed an issue where upgrading from an older version of ShaderGraph would cause Enum keywords to be not exposed. (1332510)
    
*   Terrain: Fixed crash caused by setting TreeInstances on Terrain in between the time Terrains are culled and the time Trees are rendered. ([1317966](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-treerenderer-willrendertrees-when-being-in-play-mode-for-several-seconds))
    
*   UI: To fix clipping with VisualElements that use the GroupTransform hint, the nested masking, which is not supported in this version, forces the leaf GroupTransform element to fallback to rect clipping, but the assert presumed that it could not happen. ([1328734](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/uir-nested-masking-fallback-of-grouptransform-visualelement-triggers-assert))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed disabled state not showing properly after hierarchical changes were applied. ([1321042](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/visual-element-enabling-and-disabling-causes-disabled-element-to-not-be-greyed-out))
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Fixed word suggestion not appearing in the Windows On Screen Keyboard when editing an InputField or TextMeshPro control. ([1332468](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/uwp-word-suggestions-arent-displayed-when-entering-text-into-an-inputfield-slash-tmp-via-softkeyboard))
    
*   Video: Audio delay when pausing VideoPlayer. ([1316817](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-audio-is-only-stopped-after-a-delay-when-videoplayer-dot-pause-is-called))
    
*   Video: Audio is desynchronized when playing via AudioSource. ([1304061](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-video-players-audio-is-delayed-when-audio-output-mode-is-set-to-audio-source))
    
*   Video: Audio plays during VideoPlayer.Prepare. ([1316819](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-a-few-frames-of-audio-is-played-when-videoplayer-dot-prepare-is-called-with-audio-output-mode-set-to-audio-source))
    
*   Video: Failed video import is uploaded to and pulled from the Unity Accelerator. ([1292668](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/failed-video-import-is-uploaded-to-and-pulled-from-the-unity-accelerator))
    
*   Windows: Docked tabs keep focus when dragging from another window. ([1296690](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-game-view-mouse-input-stop-working-after-game-window-has-been-moved-in-play-mode))
    
*   Windows: GetMouseButton(int) is properly reported when clicking in the Game View after clicking on another window or tab when the Player is running. ([1326568](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mouse-input-is-not-detected-correctly-when-pressing-in-the-game-view-after-pressing-the-mouse-button-in-other-editor-windows))
    
*   Windows: OnMouseDown is correctly reported when clicking from one Game View to another Game View when the Player is running. (1327556)
    
*   XR: Check the value of maxMultiviewViewCount in VkPhysicalDeviceMultiviewProperties for better detection of Vulkan multiview support. (1308540)
    
*   XR: Fixed missing symbols issue on some platforms. (1333794)
    
*   XR: Fixed Vulkan validation errors on Oculus Quest and add support for "Fragment Density Map 2" Vulkan extension. (1332783)