# Unity 2020.1.12
https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2020.1.12

## 2020.1.12f1 Release Notes


### System Requirements Changes

### For running Unity games
<ul>
<li>iOS: minimum version incremented to 10.0 (from 9.0).</li>
</ul>

### Fixes
<ul>
<li><p>2D: Fixed dynamic batching for TilemapRenderer in Individual mode with SpriteRenderers when Sprites have secondary textures set. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/tilemap-renderer-in-individual-mode-does-not-batch-with-other-sprite-renderers">1277223</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>2D: Fixed totalSpriteSurfaceArea to get reserialized when switching build platforms. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-spriteatlas-totalspritesurfacearea-get-reserialized-when-switching-build-platforms">1273235</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>AI: Fixed an issue where CreateLocation does not return correct projection of an input point on an OffMeshLink. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/navmeshquery-dot-createlocation-always-returns-the-same-point-when-using-a-navmeshlink-polygon-even-if-the-width-is-0">1246726</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Fixed to enable Unity perform Android SDK update with elevated privileges on Windows. Previously if Android SDK/NDK would be installed in folder like Program Files, Unity wouldn't be able to update Android SDK. With new behavior user will be prompted with a dialog where Unity will ask - if it can run sdkmanager.bat with elevated privileges. (1281951)</p></li>
<li><p>Asset Import: Fixed such that substance files do not display an import warning anymore when the substance plugin is correctly set up in a new project. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/substance-designer-material-support-warnings-are-thrown-on-project-load-even-when-the-plugin-is-installed">1221240</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Audio: Fixed to synchronize audio source playing state with timeline clip playing state. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/audiosource-dot-isplaying-is-set-to-false-when-audio-is-being-played-through-a-playable-director">1146694</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Audio: Fixed to unblock streaming mp3 on supported platforms. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/streaming-of-mp3-files-is-not-supported-when-pc-mac-and-linux-standalone-platform-is-selected">1224487</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed -api-profile flag causing editor to write to ProjectSettings/ProjectSettings.asset using binary serialization mode despite ForceText being configured in ProjectSettings/EditorSettings.asset.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed a crash that could occur when Burst compilation was scheduled before Burst had been initialized.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed incorrect error message in audio importer. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unknown-platform-passed-to-audioimporter-error-is-thrown-when-selecting-an-audio-file-and-uwp-support-is-installed">1279810</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed incorrect key values being passed to the new input system on Linux. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/inputsystem-not-mapping-keyboard-keys-properly-on-linux">1275964</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed to unblock streaming mp3 when targeting webgl. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/platform-not-supported-error-is-thrown-when-trying-to-play-an-mp3-file-in-editor-with-build-platform-set-to-webgl">1252868</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed an error log message in the light conversion script that could occur when light colors produced denormalized floats. Light without any color channel exceeding 1e-20 will be treated as completely black (0,0,0). (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/out-of-range-0-1-exceptions-are-thrown-when-light-component-intensity-value-is-lower-than-3-dot-79684775648568885e-38">1275179</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed an issue where Enlighten would run on build despite being disabled. (1258154)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed an issue where in some cases, Custom Render Textures would not be rendered (generally with asset bundles or in a standalone build). (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-customrendertexture-does-not-render-on-android-devices-when-the-shader-in-use-is-created-from-the-documentation">1281400</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: FIxed the Assets &gt; Properties window to display a selected package's display name instead of the id in the title tab. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/imgui-window-names-for-package-properties-is-not-user-friendly-when-opened-from-assets-properties">1217758</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed the crash due to a corrupted ProjectCache.bin that could occur when opening a project last opened in a different Unity Editor version. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-when-upgrading-slash-downgrading-between-2020-dot-1-and-2020-dot-2">1276565</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed VW being unable to see Unity packages since they access them from a server that is not on unity.com domain. (1274555)</p></li>
<li><p>Particles: Fixed missing Trail Material slot in the Inspector. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/particles-cant-set-trail-material">1284719</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Prefabs: Fixed crashes caused by broken scenes, where missing prefabs have been serialized badly into the scene file. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-gameobject-activateawakerecursivelyinternal-when-enabling-a-broken-prefab">1280054</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Prefabs: Fixed editor crashes caused by prefabs instance with missing assets. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/clicking-on-any-game-object-in-the-scene-view-crashes-the-editor">1219109</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Prefabs: Fixed Editor crashes/hangs when using PrefabUtillity.SetPropertyModifications() where some propertymodification.target are invalid (null). (1276769)</p></li>
<li><p>Prefabs: Fixed such that managed field types in prefabs containing Arrays are now serialized correctly to allow field to be initialized before Array.size is set. (1255012)</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Fixed such that the UI System Preview Window in the UI Profiler module now has its title set correctly. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/profiler-ui-system-preview-window-title-is-not-user-friendly">1238881</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Serialization: Fixed to make sure that when objects are created as part of a deserialization process the class default initializers are called. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/serializereference-non-serialized-fields-with-default-initializers-become-null-after-entering-playmode">1253433</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Services: Added a fix for the removal of CEF from the editor causing an exception when a tracker is added to a game object.<br> The removal of CEF meant that when analytics is not enabled, and you add an analytics tracker to a game object, the library<br>
required to create the "go to service menu and enable analytics" button didn't exist, and thus would throw an exception. The solution was<br>
to have a seperate class initialised on load that would override this functionality for all editors that don't have this library.
(1277664)</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed a crash which happens when rapidly switching between input fields with text in them. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/uwp-build-crashes-when-changing-focus-of-input-field-with-text-in-it">1278859</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed excessive memory usage when application gets suspended. (1279629)</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed Y coordinate on new input system when running on non-100% scaled display. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mouse-position-on-y-axis-on-uwp-is-broken-when-display-scaling-is-set-to-non-100-percent-scaling">1278638</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Fixed an issue where duplicate keys could cause empty data to be output, and improved transform mapping to work with a wider range of Unity versions. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unityyamlmerge-generates-an-empty-prefab-when-merging-a-custom-prefab-with-itself">1258865</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Video: Fixed to use 2d spatial blending when playing audio in direct mode. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/videoplayer-plays-sound-in-mono-when-audio-output-mode-is-set-to-direct-and-the-video-playing-has-2-channels">1276611</a>)</p></li>
</ul>

### Changes
<ul>
<li>Package Manager: Fixed such that the Package Manager no longer discards the existing package state in case of critical errors such as failure to parse the project manifest.</li>
</ul>

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.0 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK</p></li>
</ul>

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>Desktop:</p> 
<ul>
<li>OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+</li>
<li>Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.</li>
<li>CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities</p></li>
<li><p>Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build</p></li>
</ul>
