# Unity 2021.2.3
https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2021.2.3

## 2021.2.3f1 Release Notes


### Features
<ul>
<li>Version Control: Added visual overview bar to the incoming changes tab<br> Added progress dialog for the migration process<br>
Added Branches tab that shows a list of all branches in the repository<br>
Added option and dialog to create a child branch from selected branch.<br>
Added option to switch to another branch<br>
Added option and dialog to rename a branch<br>
Added option to delete a branch<br>
Added a preference to save if the window should open the Branches tab by default<br>
Added metrics for Plastic SCM installation window usage</li>
</ul>

### Improvements
<ul>
<li><p>Graphics: UX Improvements on the material editor</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Use intrinsics for System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe methods</p></li>
<li><p>Package: 2021.2/backport-udp-2.2.3 to 2021.2/staging</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Add GameObject link to Warning message: "SendMessage cannot be called during Awake, CheckConsistency, or OnValidate.".</p></li>
<li><p>Stadia: Adds missing Copy/Paste functionality (1361998)</p></li>
<li><p>Undo System: Improved performance of undo for pasting multiple objects</p></li>
</ul>

### Changes
<ul>
<li><p>2D: Updated 2D Template to use new package format structure.</p></li>
<li><p>2D: Updated 2D URP Template to use new package format structure.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Mark OpenGL ES 2.0 as deprecated in Graphics API selection UI</p></li>
<li><p>Package: com.unity.purchasing has been updated to 4.1.1</p></li>
<li><p>Package: Updates com.unity.cinemachine to 2.8.2</p></li>
<li><p>uGUI: Updated the context menu order and grouped all non-TMP game objects and components under legacy.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Updated status bar notification icons<br> Updated texts for workspace modes selection and checkin comment box</p></li>
</ul>

### Fixes
<ul>
<li><p>2D: Fixed 2D URP project template opens "Untitled" scene instead of "SampleScene". (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2d-urp-project-template-opens-untitled-scene-instead-of-samplescene">1368664</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>AI: Fixed issue where the method SamplePosition did not consider detail mesh for sampling. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/for-some-positions-of-maxdistance-navmesh-dot-sampleposition-returns-a-point-not-on-the-nav-mesh">1325627</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Fixed a bug related to using a touchpad with Unity UI scroll rects. Touchpad scrolling is much more sensitive now on Android and Chrome OS. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/chrome-os-touchpad-scrolling-does-not-work-well-with-unity-ui-scroll-rects">1364582</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Audio: Fixed audio mixer (and potentially other audio components) causing a crash on dedicated server. (1365720)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed a console break when selecting a console message. (1369098)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed disappearing ReorderableList elements when reordering. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/elements-of-large-2d-slash-3d-arrays-disappear-when-reordering">1353883</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed PackageManager memory leak when continuously opening the window. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/packagemanager-memory-leak-when-continuously-opening-the-window">1362559</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: SerializedProperty.tooltip will now contain Tooltip attribute values when available. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/tooltip-is-not-shown-in-the-inspector-when-a-field-is-generated-with-guicontent">1359356</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: When performing an incremental build, Unity will clean intermediate build folders, if it detects that previous build was done with a different bee backend. (1371602)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added MSAA depth resolve Vulkan support.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: DX12 task executor no longer executes other jobs when waiting that could lead to deadlocks. (1366202)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed D3D12 validation error on render target and pipeline state sample count mismatch. (1371812)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed Graphics.CopyTexture behavior when the specified region is not aligned with compression block size. (1366297)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed high memory usage when running Unity in batch mode and importing a high number of assets. (1337474)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed incorrect compression of 8k ETC textures using the Crunch compressor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/textures-compressed-with-rgb-crunched-etc-on-android-get-corrupted">1346908</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Reverted an unintended API change. (1352178)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Vulkan on EmbeddedLinux spamming "GetGfxDevice() should only be called from main thread".</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Correct an error during code conversion for an abstract method that provides an interface method implementation in an abstract base class. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/different-console-errors-are-thrown-on-every-new-build-using-il2cpp-stripping-engine-with-low-stripping-enabled">1361812</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>IL2CPP: Fixed multicast invoke calls to generic methods. Fixes runtime exceptions when de-serializing generic classes. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/il2cpp-system-dot-runtime-dot-serialization-dot-formatters-dot-binaryformatter-doesnt-work-when-project-is-build-with-il2cpp-scripting-backend">1374185</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>IMGUI: Fixed GUILayout.Label changes colour when hovered over with mouse. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/guilayout-dot-label-changes-colour-when-hovered-over-with-mouse">1358117</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>iOS: Fixed erroneous ads enabling.</p></li>
<li><p>Linux: Key presses are now consistent with the "Use Physical Key" option in Input Manager settings. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/input-not-registered-when-using-a-non-english-keyboard-layout-on-linux">1330732</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Mono: Fixed issue where System dlls were being treated as if they were plugin dlls which would cause them to get incorrectly removed from the build. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/microsoft-dot-extensions-dot-logging-nuget-package-causes-errors-in-console-when-built-into-uwp-with-net-standard-2-dot-1">1373389</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Always keep the package manager toolbar active during refresh operations.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed the issue when the list don't scroll to selected item when using arrow key sometimes. (1371678)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Implement asset's Re-Download button to fix issue when using multiple Unity versions and have one asset version cached. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cant-download-specific-unitypackage-when-theres-already-one-cached">1371056</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Removed special character in users initials to be in sync with Hub and Asset store. (1377478)</p></li>
<li><p>Particles: Added "enabled" script API to the ParticleSystemForceField, to turn a force field on/off. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/particlesystemforcefield-doesnt-have-enabled-property">1366533</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Particles: Removed slow type lookup code from SetParticles and GetParticles. (1373296)</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Improved stability of Rigidbody2D XY constraints when X or Y constraint are used independent of each other. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unexpected-behaviour-from-2d-physics-when-y-constraint-is-locked">1373134</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Stopped PhysicsShapeGroup2D producing GC waste when adding new physics shapes even when physics shape capacity wasn't reached. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/physicsshapegroup2d-string-dot-format-gc-allocation">1377116</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Update Profile Analyzer package version to 1.1.1, which includes two bug fixes. Release notes available at https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.performance.profile-analyzer@latest/index.html?subfolder=/changelog/CHANGELOG.html.</p></li>
<li><p>Search: Enable Show Package Results for the find provider (find:). (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/searching-with-wantmoreresult-and-show-package-results-doesnt-actually-search-in-packages">1377480</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Search: Fixed New table view columns should be based on the selected search group. (1371705)</p></li>
<li><p>Search: Fixed NullReferenceException after switching Description column format to Performance metric. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/search-nullreferenceexception-after-switching-description-column-format-to-performance-metric">1364701</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Search: Fixed search picker fails to filter sprite assets. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/search-search-picker-fails-to-filter-sprite-assets">1371778</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Stadia: Fixes Backspace and Tab not working within TextMeshPro input field. (1362018)</p></li>
<li><p>Stadia: Fixes IMGUI's TextField not receiving text input. (1222926)</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed build time scaling non-linearly based on the number of build output files. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/project-takes-forever-to-build-to-uwp">1374725</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed issue where UWP UnityWebRequests were not properly working with https. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unitywebrequest-fails-on-uwp-with-https">1375004</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed Screen.dpi returning 0. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/screen-dot-dpi-returns-0-on-uwp">1376703</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Fixed inverted text for the force checkout option<br> Fixed typing capital O in checkin comment would open the selected item<br>
Fixed loading indicator not centered on Plastic SCM installation window<br>
Fixed installing Plastic SCM would sign out user from the plugin<br>
Removed extra refresh button on Gluon's Incoming Changes tab<br>
Fixed loading indicator not centered on Plastic SCM installation window<br>
Fixed missing Plastic SCM window option when user is not signed in on Unity Hub<br>
Removed meta file warning message for the deleted Beta folder<br>
Fixed Plastic SCM menu missing from Project view context menu</p></li>
<li><p>Video: Fixed a crash caused by importing, reimporting or transcoding a video file in the Editor (Mac Only). (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/importing-an-mp4-or-mov-crashes-the-apple-silicon-mac-editor">1330537</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Obsoleted the old Emscripten JS string marshalling function Pointer_stringify(). Instead, use the function UTF8ToString(). (1369748)</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Removed the assertion with touch events that assumes that browser would create new Touch event objects for each generated touch event. This does not hold at least for Firefox for Android. This fix takes into account that TouchEvent.changedTouches and TouchEvent.targetTouches are not subsets of the "full" TouchEvent.touches array in Firefox when updating the touch list. (1354245)</p></li>
<li><p>Windows: Fixed development builds not working on machines that don't have VC++ runtime installed. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/winpixeventruntime-dot-dll-dependencies-are-not-included-when-a-windows-standalone-development-build-is-built">1367532</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed XR plugin interface depth issue. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/severe-flickering-in-unity-2020-dot-3-21f1-with-openxr-on-hl2">1376203</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Removed disable of showHologram support for HoloLens devices. (1375195)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Updated the verified AR Foundation related packages to 4.2.1. Please see the AR Foundation package changelog for details.</p></li>
</ul>
