# Unity 2021.1.7

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2021.1.7

## 2021.1.7f1 Release Notes

- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)


### Improvements

*   Burst: Added Android x86\_64 and re-enable x86 support.
    
*   Burst: EmbeddedLinux Platform support added.
    
*   Package: Visual Scripting - Migration tools were improved to allow users to migrate their project to recent Visual Scripting version.
    
*   XR: Updated XR Plug-in Management to 4.0.3.
    

### API Changes

*   HDRP: Added: Added an info box for micro shadow editor. (1322830)
    
*   HDRP: Added: Added support for alpha channel in FXAA. (1323941)
    
*   XR: Deprecated: Updated Windows MR XR SDK Plug-in to 5.3.0.
    

### Changes

*   Burst: Revert to internal linkage for Android X86 (32bit) to ensure ABI compliance.
    
*   HDRP: Changed default sidedness to double, when a mesh with a mix of single and double-sided materials is added to the ray tracing acceleration structure (case 1323451). (1323451)
    
*   HDRP: Changed ray tracing acceleration structure build, so that only meshes with HDRP materials are included (case 1322365). (1322365)
    
*   HDRP: Default black texture XR is now opaque (alpha = 1).
    
*   HDRP: Disabled TAA sharpening on alpha channel.
    
*   HDRP: Film grain does not affect the alpha channel.
    
*   HDRP: Increased path tracing max samples from 4K to 16K. ([1327729](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-pathtracer-pathtracer-max-sample-should-be-higher-than-4096))
    

### Fixes

*   2D: Fixed initial rendering animated tiles when a CompleteObjectUndo is registered for a Tilemap while in Play mode.
    
*   2D: Fixed issue when upgrading a Tilemap with invalid data where transform and color data was not maintained, and loaded from the original Tile Asset instead. ([1324908](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/tiles-will-reset-back-from-rotated-slash-flipped-states-after-a-unity-update-when-the-tilemap-component-is-enabled))
    
*   2D: Fixed wrong Sprites being shown for Animated Tiles when TilemapRenderer is in Individual mode and user sets new Tiles on the Tilemap. ([1329054](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2d-animated-tile-rendering-glitch-in-animated-tile-chunk-in-individual-mode))
    
*   Animation: Fixed values defaulting to zero when disabling writeDefaultValue on a State and mixing. ([1303570](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/weight-of-all-rigs-reset-to-0-when-there-are-more-than-one-animation-layers))
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Fixed an issue where unsaved changes could be lost when renaming/moving an asset. (1329404)
    
*   Burst: Burst no longer logs a warning when opening the standalone Profiler.
    
*   Burst: Fixed a bug where methods with the same name and namespace, but in different assemblies, could resolve to the wrong method.
    
*   Burst: Fixed an issue whereby default initializing the first field in a static readonly struct, but explicitly initializing a subsequent field, would result in the wrong constant data being written.
    
*   Burst: Fixed an `UnauthorizedAccessException` that could occur when using Burst in players built for the macOS App Sandbox.
    
*   Editor: Added System.IO.Compression to reference assemblies when targeting .NET 4.7.1 (editor only contexts). ([1275859](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/console-errors-are-thrown-when-using-system-dot-io-dot-compression-in-the-editor-folder))
    
*   Editor: Console window 'Clear on Recompile' option no longer clears player build errors. ([1327074](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/regression-no-error-in-console-when-failed-to-build-because-of-editor-scripts-not-in-editor-folder))
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue causing invalid ScriptableObjects to added as a sub-asset causing the editor to crash during serialisation. ([1257558](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-when-applying-changes-to-custom-scriptedimporter-asset))
    
*   Editor: Fixed Gizmo rendering code crash in some invalid WhellCollider configurations. ([1326188](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-crash-on-platform-memmove$variant$nehalem-when-setting-old-prefabs-scale-to-0))
    
*   Editor: Fixed pivot settings buttons in top toolbar not updating scene views immediately. ([1300924](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/imgui-toggle-tool-handle-rotation-changes-only-get-reflected-when-mouse-hovered-over-an-object-in-the-scene-view))
    
*   Editor: Fixed the resolution, insets and safe area of the Device Simulator when simulating Android devices in windowed mode. (1217736)
    
*   Editor: The editor no longer freezes when FixedTimestep setting in the Preferences is set to 0/0. ([1326481](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-freezes-when-fixedtimestep-value-in-the-preferences-is-set-to-0-slash-0))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed camera not rotating in HDRP Template with input system v1.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed issue with GrayScaleRGBToAlpha for 16bpc textures. ([1327917](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/alpha-from-grayscale-doesnt-work-when-the-source-texture-is-a-16-bit-per-channel-png-file))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed line & trails deforming when points were too close together. ([1275386](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/particle-system-particle-trail-from-the-trails-module-deforms-and-twists-when-the-gameobject-holding-it-stutters-in-place))
    
*   Graphics: Removed the error message when encountering incompatible pipeline stages on DX12. (1279311)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed a NaN generating in Area light code.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed camera preview with multi selection. (1324126)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed CustomPassUtils scaling issues when used with RTHandles allocated from a RenderTexture.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed Decal's UV edit mode with negative UV.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed GBuffer clear option in FrameSettings not working.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed issue with an assert getting triggered with OnDemand shadows.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed issue with constant buffer being stomped on when async tasks run concurrently to shadows.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed issue with history buffers when using multiple AOVs. (1323684)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed issue with the color space of AOVs. (1324759)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed potential NaN on apply distortion pass.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed the camera controller in the template with the old input system. ([1326816](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/the-camera-doesnt-rotate-in-hdrp-template-with-the-simplecameracontroller-dot-cs-script))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed usage of Panini Projection with floating point HDRP and Post Processing color buffers.
    
*   macOS: Removed extraneous dylibs from Contents of built mac player. ([1312216](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-il2cpp-redundant-slash-unnecessary-gameassembly-dot-dylib-files-are-included-in-the-standalone-player-when-making-a-build))
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed the issue where Package Manager window does not pick up the right version when there are multiple versions of the same asset in the cache. (1330231)
    
*   Particles: Give better feedback in the Inspector about incorrectly configured SpriteAtlas assets. ([1318608](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/sprites-the-particle-system-does-not-support-v2-sprite-atlases))
    
*   Scripting: Ensure virtual call is made when delegate target is another delegate targeting a virtual method. ([1188422](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/delegate-points-to-the-base-method-instead-of-override-when-passing-it-to-a-method-before-adding-it-to-an-event))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed crash that was caused by passing a generic type into FindObjectsOfType. ([1312890](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mono-unity-crashes-when-calling-findobjectsoftype-with-a-generic-abstract-class-type-that-derives-from-monobehaviour))
    
*   Serialization: Fixed Property Diff after clearing array w/refs. ([1266303](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/serializereference-field-from-scriptableobject-loses-value-when-deleting-last-array-item-and-then-pressing-undo))
    
*   Shadergraph: Fixed an issue where an integer property would be exposed in the material inspector as a float \[1332563\].
    
*   Universal: Fixed an issue where changing camera's position in the BeginCameraRendering do not apply properly. ([1318629](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/camera-doesnt-move-when-changing-its-position-in-the-begincamerarendering-and-the-endcamerarendering-methods))
    
*   Universal: Fixed an issue where ShadowCaster2D was generating garbage when running in the editor. ([1304158](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2d-urp-shadowcaster2d-generates-about-1-dot-8-kb-of-garbage-every-frame-in-the-editor))
    
*   WebGL: Fixed the Chrome deprecation warning about the use of SharedArrayBuffer. ([1323832](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/webgl-sharedarraybuffer-will-require-cross-origin-isolation-as-of-m91-warning-is-thrown-when-launching-player-on-chrome))
    
*   XR: Fixed APK hang on Oculus Quest when debugging Vulkan APKs using RenderDoc that use lazily-allocated memory. (1325632)
    
*   XR: Release resized XR eye textures for Vulkan. (1276514)