# Unity 2019.4.26

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2019.4.26

## 2019.4.26f1 Release Notes

- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### Improvements

*   Burst: Fixed a known issue with Windows Native Debuggers and Dll numbers + workarounds.

### Changes

*   Package: Updated Cinemachine to 2.6.4.
    
*   XR: Updated the verified AR Foundation related packages to 2.1.18. Please see the AR Foundation package changelog for details.
    

### Fixes

*   AI: Fixed an issue with OffMeshLink prefab leaking to the main scene after closing the prefab window. ([1120451](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/off-mesh-links-get-leaked-into-scene-view-when-editing-a-prefab-with-off-mesh-link-component))
    
*   Android: Fixed an issue where AutoRotation was not working on dual screen devices. ([1259295](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-screen-orientation-is-not-working-on-second-display-of-lg-v50-after-the-initial-screen-rotation))
    
*   Android: Fixed black Unity view after pausing the app when in-app purchase dialog is shown. ([1249179](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-black-screen-on-android-when-switching-app-during-in-app-purchase))
    
*   Asset Bundles: Fixed issue where loading assets from AssetBundles synchronously did not load native object types recursively in some situations. ([1321141](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/synchronous-asset-loading-does-not-correctly-load-preload-dependencies))
    
*   Burst: Fixed a broken link for known issues with debugging and profiling.
    
*   Burst: Fixed an issue when generating Line Table only debug information, an unreachable could occur due to a missing check.
    
*   Burst: Fixed an issue where the multi-CPU dispatcher, which is used for player builds targetting multiple CPU architectures, could end up generating invalid instructions.
    
*   Burst: Fixed an issue where the PDB debug information for instance methods that also used struct return were incorrect.
    
*   Editor: \[Collab\] - Fixed an issue to defer handling for downloading plastic cloud projects so package manager will initialize the default packages. (1319580)
    
*   Editor: Fixed crash when duplicating a GameObject with HideInHierarchy flag. ([1288394](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-transform-setsiblingindexinternal-when-duplicating-or-copy-pasting-a-specific-gameobject))
    
*   GI: Fixed an issue where sometimes the Bug Reporter would not launch when Unity crashed.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a possible crash on Adreno when using RenderPass API and Vulkan. ([1282143](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-vulkan-crash-on-adreno-devices-with-vulkan-when-using-subpass-data-from-previous-subpass))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue that occurred if the render pipeline was set to null in Graphics settings and there was a render pipeline present in Quality settings. The current render pipeline was being set to the render pipeline in quality settings where the expected behavior was that the current render pipeline should be null. (1190166)
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue when loading .png files with large chunks. ([1273050](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/file-could-not-be-read-error-is-thrown-when-importing-a-png-that-has-xattr))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue where invalid motion vector state was being sent to the GPU, causing severe 1 frame Motion blur artifacts occurred on editing of blend shapes. ([1299209](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/severe-visual-artifacts-when-adjusting-blendshapes-in-play-mode-with-skinned-motion-vectors))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed crash caused by using a compute pipeline object after it has been destroyed in Vulkan. (1327421)
    
*   Graphics: Fixed performance issue when loading textures direct to GPU memory from LZ4 compressed packages. (1307820)
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed a possible crash when attaching a debugger or setting breakpoints. ([1327376](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-when-attaching-script-debugging-process-to-device))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed CultureInfo.DateTimeFormat being loaded incorrectly in some locales. ([1252269](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/il2cpp-indexoutofrangeexception-is-thrown-when-using-system-dot-cultureinfo-with-thai-culture-in-il2cpp-build))
    
*   iOS: Fixed an issue with the `verticalOrientation` deprecation warning text by adding missing information about `ScreenOrientation.PortraitUpsideDown`. ([1307839](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-verticalorientation-deprecation-warning-is-missing-information-about-screenorientation-dot-portraitupsidedown))
    
*   iOS: Fixed external screen turning black (instead of mirroring) upon connecting it through airplay in case of nothing being rendered there by the game. ([1261950](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-black-screen-is-mirrored-when-using-airplay))
    
*   Linux: Fixed an issue to install sysroot packages automatically only when Linux IL2CPP is present. (1325982)
    
*   Linux: Reduced log spam when loading lots of assets. ([1320406](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-platformimageforiconforextension-editor-log-spam-when-closing-the-editor-after-importing-a-project))
    
*   Particles: Fixed `Simulate` behaviour being incorrectly labelled as Prewarm in the profiler. ([1296365](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/particlesystem-dot-prewarm-is-caused-when-calling-particlesystem-dot-simulate-even-if-prewarm-option-is-disabled-on-the-particlesystem))
    
*   Prefabs: Fixed an issue so that the scene is no longer dirty after dragging a Prefab into the Scene view and then undoing. ([1299185](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/dragging-a-prefab-into-the-scene-view-and-undoing-the-action-does-not-undirty-the-scene))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed modifying Assembly Definitions results in recompile all.  
    When Adding/Removing/Moving we still result in a recompile all. But we are working towards getting this fixed as well. ([1268925](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/asmdef-compilationpipeline-reimporting-asmdef-file-without-changes-does-not-respect-compilation-dependencies))
    
*   Timeline: Fixed timeline audio playing on timelines with GameTime update mode when Time.timeScale is 0. ([1269783](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/timeline-audio-is-not-paused-when-setting-audiolistener-dot-pause-to-true))
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Fixed TouchScreenKeyboard to use Private keyboard layouts when "secure" flag is set. ([1320676](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/uwp-touchscreenkeyboard-shows-word-suggestions-for-password-and-other-secure-input-fields))
    
*   Version Control: Fixed a crash on initial script recompilation when script tried to checkout assets. ([1275692](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-vccache-getentry-when-opening-project))
    
*   Video: Changing VideoPlayer.frame before playing the video will no longer change Video clock time. ([1297646](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/changing-videoplayer-dot-frame-before-playing-the-video-does-not-change-video-clock-time))
    
*   Video: Fixed an issue where Stereoscopic layout controls were missing in VideoPlayer and Skybox Panoramic shader. (1307239)
    
*   Video: Fixed an issue where VideoPlayer.frameReady was not getting invoked after seeking a video to a frame. ([1302462](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/videoplayer-dot-frameready-does-not-get-invoked-after-seeking-a-video-to-a-frame))
    
*   XR: Fixed an issue so that EditorXR edit mode now works with XR.SDK. (1318732)
    
*   XR: Fixed an issue with clipping planes for photo and video cameras in WMR applications.
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.4 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build