# Unity 2023.1.0 Alpha 16

https://unity3d.com/unity/alpha/2023.1.0a16

## New 2023.1.0a16 Entries since 2023.1.0a15

- [Features](#features)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [New 2023.1.0a16 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a15](#new-202310a16-package-changes-since-202310a15)
- [Packages updated](#packages-updated)


### Features

*   2D: Enabled opening Sprite Editor Window from SpriteRenderer inspector to edit the Sprite that is assigned to the SpriteRenderer.
    
*   2D: Enabled ScriptablePacker to add custom packing algorithm for SpriteAtlas.
    
*   Android: Enabled adding device using IP address for Chrome OS Build & Run Support.
    

### Improvements

*   Animation: Improved animation performance by limiting asserts.
    
*   Editor: Added `Unity.com` executable to Windows editor installation, which runs Unity but is compiled as a console application instead of Windows application.
    
*   Editor: Improved performance of SRP DecalProjector Gizmo rendering by LODing.
    
*   GI: Added a toggle for automatic recalculation of environment lighting in the Workflow section of the Lighting window.
    
*   Profiler: Improved performance of rendering the CPU timeline view when viewing large captures.
    
*   Universal RP: Improved visual quality of FXAA so it no longer introduces structured noise and blurring. Performance should be mostly unchanged.
    
*   Universal RP: Removed the remaining obsolete usages of render targets to use RTHandles properly.
    

### API Changes

*   Android: Added: Added Android Project Configuration Manager API. This API is a set of classes that represents and allows to modify as well as add new Gradle project files in C#.
    
*   Android: Added: Introduced GameMode property to access Android getGameMode API.
    
*   Android: Added: Introduced SetGameState method to access Android setGameState API.
    
*   Animation: Added: Added API GenericBindingUtility to Read/Write animatable properties generically from any Unity components.
    
*   Core: Added: Added overload of GameObject.FindGameObjectsWithTag that takes a List<GameObject> to bypass allocations.
    
*   Graphics: Added: Added an API that let scriptable render pipelines configure the msaa resolve of the system render target.
    
*   Graphics: Added: Added new API to the RenderGraph to allow native render pass support in the future.
    

### Changes

*   Android: Added support for Android SDK 31 and 33.
    
*   Android: Updated CMake to version 3.22.1.
    
*   Editor: Events that are propagating to all IMGUIContainers if not handled on their propagation path will no longer be propagated if their isDefaultPrevented flag is set. Note: The propagations of ExecuteCommandEvent, ValidateCommandEvent, DragExitedEvent, MouseEnterWindowEvent, MouseLeaveWindowEvent, IMGUIEvent events are not affected by this change.
    
*   Package: Updated Sequences (com.unity.sequences) to 2.0.1.
    
*   Universal RP: Removed Volume Update Mode from Additional Settings. (UUM-9254)
    
*   XR: Added XR Core Utilities 2.2.0-pre.1 as a pre-release package.
    

### Fixes

*   2D: Fixed memory leak with the TilemapCollider2D when used with a CompositeCollider2D. (UUM-15822)
    
*   2D: Fixed regression where GameObjects are not instantiated by Tiles when the Tilemap is not active. ([UUM-14293](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/tilemap-dot-settiles-doesnt-work-when-the-gameobject-is-deactivated))
    
*   Android: Fixed crash if Java proxy is invoked at the same time as Unity is quit. (UUM-15968)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Android: Fixed Password Masking on Numeric Keypads. (UUM-10961)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   Animation: Enabled supporting clips with animation bindings on enum inside structs. ([UUM-11386](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/enum-of-struct-returns-as-float-rather-than-int-when-used-as-animated-property))
    
*   Apple TV: Added support for Siri Remote 2nd Gen. ([1394018](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/tvos-apple-tv-siri-remote-second-generation-not-properly-functioning))
    
*   DX12: Fixed issues with rendering instanced objects. (UUM-14433)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a9._
    
*   Editor: Enabled installing 2D Sprite package from TextureImporter inspector and SpriteRenderer inspector.
    
*   Editor: Enabled matching full type (including namespace) with the type filter for AssetIndexer and for SceneQueryEngine. ([UUM-10221](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/quick-search-object-selector-doesnt-suggest-script-components-that-contain-a-namespace-in-the-naming))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Editor: Enabled on-demand threads to be attached to scripting domain. (UUM-15446)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a11._
    
*   Editor: Enabled the first import from TextureImporter to generate Sprites by automatically detecting regions when project Default Behavior is in 2D Mode. This is the same behaviour found in Automatic Slicing in Sprite Editor Window.
    
*   Editor: Fixed crash with TilemapCollider2D when used with a CompositeCollider2D and a Tile with no Sprite with Collider Type Sprite is set. (UUM-15912)
    
*   Editor: Fixed issue with leak checking.
    
*   Editor: Fixed scripted importer registration errors that occur when changing platform. ([UUM-14062](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/switching-target-platform-in-build-settings-throws-assetimporters-dot-scriptedimporter-errors))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a10._
    
*   Editor: Fixed the 'texture scheduled for reimport during Refresh Loop' error when importing SpeedTree assets with color textures. (UUM-9835)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Editor: Fixed unexpected rendering when Fragment Normal uses Object Space. (UUM-10045)
    
*   Editor: Fixed `AssetPreview.GetMiniTypeThumbnail` so it is able to find icons associated to custom MonoBehaviour classes.
    
*   Editor: Implemented indexing the default platform settings for Texture. (UUM-14551)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a10._
    
*   Editor: Modified Experimental package versions so that patches of the package's lifecycle manifest version are no longer erroneously tagged as Release. (UUM-16118)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a14._
    
*   Editor: Re-implemented the original fix for case 1393058. ([UUM-9278](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/additional-gameobjects-and-a-console-error-after-undoing-and-redoing-a-paste-as-child))
    
*   Editor: Stopped `OnBecameVisible` from being invoked multiple times without a corresponding `OnBecameInvisible`. ([UUM-12133](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/duplicate-delegates-are-added-to-editorapplication-dot-update-after-maximizing-then-minimizing-the-game-or-scene-view))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   Error: The following errors were found when trying to parse the release notes of this PR:  
    Unexpected 'POI-467' in 'Feature POI-467 @youngkyoung-kim:\\nAndroid: Chrome OS Build & Run Support - Add device using IP address'.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a crash in BatchRendererGroup that would occur when assets are loaded or unloaded.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed DrawMeshNow for Metal when changing mesh vertex data. ([UUM-9782](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/drawmeshnow-is-not-drawing-mesh-immediately))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Input: Fixed the instability in GUIButtonRespondsToTouch test caused by a inconsistent UWP touch event. (UUM-11387)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   iOS: Added support for the Swift Remote Packages in XCode project API. Added PBXProject API to add to references to them, namely AddRemotePackageReferenceAtBranch, AddRemotePackageReferenceAtRevision, AddRemotePackageReferenceAtVersion, AddRemotePackageReferenceAtVersionUpToNextMajor, AddRemotePackageReferenceAtVersionUpToNextMinor, AddRemotePackageReferenceWithVersionRange. Also added way to add framework from the remote package with AddRemotePackageFrameworkToProject. (UUM-15082)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Kernel: Fixed AssertOnRecursiveCall with tests. ([UUM-13234](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/assertonrecursivecall-dot-does-not-works))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Linux: Fixed "ExternalProcess::OnExitedMainThread" logged in the Console window when closing Profiler (Standalone Process) window. ([UUM-5888](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/profiler-linux-rocky-externalprocess-onexitedmainthread-logged-in-the-console-window-when-closing-profiler-standalone-process-window))
    
*   Particles: Fixed some particle script API so it now syncs in-flight update jobs before modifying state. ([UUM-12469](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/particle-renderer-distorted-particles-in-some-cases-when-max-particles-is-set-via-c-number-script))
    
*   Physics: Fixed an issue where having multiple Collider components on the same GameObject would cause a crash if one of the colliders was disabled. ([UUM-13922](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-capsulecollider-setscale-when-rotating-a-gameobject-with-a-capsulecollider-component))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a10._
    
*   Scene/Game View: Fixed Handles.DrawWireCube not respecting the current Handles.color. ([UUM-14288](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/object-with-the-wrong-color-is-drawn-when-using-the-handles-dot-drawwirecube-and-handles-dot-color-functions))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a9._
    
*   Scene/Game View: Fixed `SceneView` incorrectly subscribing to `EditorApplication.update` multiple times when maximizing and minimizing window. ([UUM-12133](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/duplicate-delegates-are-added-to-editorapplication-dot-update-after-maximizing-then-minimizing-the-game-or-scene-view))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   Scripting: Fixed incomplete and incorrect "domain reload profiling" data output in the Editor.log on domain reload. (UUM-13295)
    
*   Shaders: Fixed an error that occurred when drawing an instanced mesh with async shader compilation enabled. ([UUM-13174](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/drawmeshinstanced-does-not-support-dot-dot-dot-error-in-the-console-pops-up-when-the-shader-does-support-instanced-rendering))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed issue where shader compilation reported errors in cases where compilation was skipped. (UUM-15189)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Shaders: Removed old compiler options and modified DXC to use the default optimization level (-O3) instead of -O2. (UUM-14461)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue in play mode so ScrollView offset no longer resets to zero when doing drag operations on controls inside it. ([UUM-10441](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ui-panel-position-resets-when-sliders-are-scrolled-in-play-mode))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed the context menu of the variable text field so it now contains Cut, Copy, Paste actions. (UUM-3484)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   URP: Fixed lens flare position and occlusion for all OpenGL APIs. ([UUM-1076](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-urp-lens-flare-vertical-position-in-android-builds-is-inconsistent-with-the-position-in-the-editor))
    
*   URP: Fixed the TerrainLit shader so that mixed light baking now works with shadow mask. ([UUM-3897](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/terrain-slash-urp-mixed-light-baking-with-shadowmask-on-urp-with-terrainlit-shader-doesnt-work-as-intended-when-using-deferred-rendering))
    
*   VFX Graph: Added a Visual Effect Graph to a scene that did not take the default parent into account. ([UUM-11362](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/certain-gameobjects-ignore-the-default-parent-when-they-are-created))
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed exceptions for SystemNames when leaving play mode if a new system had been added without saving.
    
*   VFX Graph: Improved dragging and dropping of blocks when you want to change their order or move them to another context. ([UUM-12221](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/blocks-are-harder-to-reorder-when-dragging-to-the-upper-side-of-graph))
    
*   VFX Graph: Re-enabled multithreaded VFX Update on console platforms. (UUM-559)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a11._
    
*   Video: Updated the WebGL Video Player to show a previously sought frame when seeking a paused video. ([UUM-11808](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/webgl-video-player-updates-to-a-previously-sought-frame-when-seeking-a-paused-video))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   WebGL: Fixed brotli compressed WebGL builds on Mac/Linux editors. (UUM-1145)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   Windows: Removed "Unity playback engine" text from the property sheets for Windows player executable. ([UUM-15330](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/windows-player-exe-contains-unwanted-properties-causing-text-unity-playback-engine-to-appear-in-task-bar-when-mousing-over-it))
    

### New 2023.1.0a16 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a15

### Packages updated

*   com.unity.purchasing: [4.4.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.purchasing@4.4//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [4.5.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.purchasing@4.5//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.splines: [2.0.0-pre.2](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.splines@2.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [2.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.splines@2.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.sequences: [2.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.sequences@2.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [2.0.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.sequences@2.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    

#### Pre-release packages added

*   [com.unity.xr.core-utils@2.2.0-pre.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.core-utils@2.2//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)