# Unity 2021.2.5
https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2021.2.5

## 2021.2.5f1 Release Notes


### Features
<ul>
<li><p>Input System: Added support for PS5 DualSense controllers on Mac and Windows.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Added empty state and success message for Pending Changes tab.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Added metrics for Branches tab functionalities.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Added option to "Add to ignore file" in context menu in the project view.</p></li>
</ul>

### Improvements
<ul>
<li><p>Editor: Added an Information Entry when the player data is rebuilt with 'Development' checkbox off.  The message will be 'Rebuilding Data files because BuildOptions.Development is not set.' (1364982)</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Improved creating single vs multi-touch touchscreen bindings in the Input Action Asset editor by making both options visible in the input action dropdown menu. Now it's not neccessary to be aware of the touch\*/press path binding syntax. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/inputsystem-touchscreens-multi-touch-doesnt-work-when-using-a-custom-inputactionasset">1357664</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Added TextAsset.GetData that returns a NativeArray view into the data without memory allocations. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/textasset-dot-bytes-allocates-memory-on-each-call-need-a-nativearray-slash-non-alloc-version">1376503</a>)</p></li>
</ul>

### Changes
<ul>
<li><p>HDRP: Depth of Field is now disabled in orthographic cameras - it was using the hidden perspective settings. (1372582)</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Integrate a help box to inform users of the potential dependency to directional lights when baking.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Maximum light count per fine prunned tile (opaque deferred) is now 63 instead of 23.</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: When exceptions occur in user code inside of Input System callbacks, the exception message is now printed first and details about the callback second to avoid hiding exception details.</p></li>
<li><p>Package: Updated OpenXR package version to 1.3.0. Full package release notes available here:<br> https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.openxr@1.3/changelog/CHANGELOG.html</p></li>
<li><p>Package: Updated Recorder package to version 3.0.2.  Full package release notes available here:<br> https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.recorder@3.0/changelog/CHANGELOG.html</p></li>
<li><p>Package: Updated Searcher package  version to 4.9.1. Full package release notes available here:<br> https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.searcher@4.9/changelog/CHANGELOG.html</p></li>
<li><p>Package: Updated Tutorial Framework version to 2.1.1.  Full package release notes available here:<br> https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.learn.iet-framework@2.1/changelog/CHANGELOG.html</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Changed the default metadata columns shown in the Incoming Changes screen.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Removed pinstriping in the Gluon Incoming Changes window.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Removed the "Nothing to download" bar from the Incoming Changes window when there are no items to download.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Updated the alignment of sorting arrows to the right of the column.</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Added SRP batcher support for late latching.</p></li>
</ul>

### Fixes
<ul>
<li><p>Android: Fixed an issue where Resource.Load did not work when running universal.apk were created from AAB which was built with Split Application Binary option that was enabled. Note: In universal.apk, Bundletool includes only install-time delivered asset packs, so resource loading can still fail if Unity creates fast-follow delivered core data asset pack. (1363907)</p></li>
<li><p>Audio: Fixed a crash that would occur when removing a custom filter from a game object and then stopping the associated audio source. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-when-stopping-an-audio-source-using-onaudiofilterread-from-a-destroyed-component">1363271</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>DX12: Fixed linear colorspace screenshots being broken when swapchain resolution mismatched with window resolution. (1379073)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where PropertyField methods was not including ReorderableList children by default. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/some-list-fields-do-not-display-when-using-editorgui-dot-propertyfield-in-a-custom-property-drawer">1336112</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where the game view maximized instead of tab being switched when clicking on a tab docked in the same window as the Game View window while in playmode in the Linux Editor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/game-view-is-maximized-instead-of-tab-being-switched-when-clicking-on-a-tab-docked-in-the-same-window-as-the-game-view-window">1350901</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed rare infinite loop issue when baking reflection probes while shaders were asynchronously compiling. (1376248)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed a crash when PreviewRenderUtility.BeginPreview() was not properly followed by EndPreview(). (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-when-an-exception-is-thrown-after-previewrenderutility-dot-beginpreview">1338040</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed a crash when using ray tracing shader passes that are part of a fallback shader. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/dxr-unity-editor-crashes-when-switching-to-game-view">1369861</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed an issue when changing volume profiles at runtime with a script. (1364256)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed an issues on vulkan library on initialization and on AMD gpus. (1373442)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed serialization of DebugStateFlags where the internal Enum were not being serialized.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed a build-time warning regarding light loop variants. (1372256)</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed a crash issue when adding an area light on its own.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed a regression that was introduced in the diffuse denoiser.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed an exception  when the user did not set one of the renderers of a given LOD. (1372965)</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed an infinite import loop of materials when there is no HDMetaData generated by the ShaderGraph.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed an issue where pyramid blur was being corrupted when hardware DRS was on. (1372245)</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed an issue with area light support for hair.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed an issue with mixed cached shadow for area lights.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed and optimize distance shadowmask fade.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed compilation errors when using Elipse, Rectangle, Polygon, Checkerboard, RoundedPolygon, RoundedRectangle in a ray tracing shader graph. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-dxr-ellipse-node-throws-console-errors-when-used-in-raytracing-setup-because-ddx-slash-ddys-not-supported">1377610</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed emissive value when switching between HDR and LDR mode.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed film grain and dithering when using spatial upscaling methods for DRS.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed focus distance in path traced depth of field now takes into account the focus mode setting (volume vs camera).</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed geometry scale issue with the Eye Shader.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed light unit conversion after changing mid gray value.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed motion vector buffer not accessible from custom passes in the BeforeTransparent, BeforePreRefraction and AfterDepthAndNormal injection points.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed outdated documentation about recursie ray tracing effects support.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed outdated documentation about supported GPUs for ray tracing.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed performance on PrepareLightsForGPU by burstifying light loop.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed public API to reset path tracing accumulation and check its status.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed rendertarget ColorMask in Forward with virtual texturing and transparent motion vectors.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed sky override layer mask having no effect.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed stencil buffer resolve when MSAA is enabled so that OR operator is used instead of picking the last sample.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed the bad blending between the sun and the clouds. (1373282)</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed the point distribution for the diffuse denoiser sometimes not being properly intialized.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed Z axis orientation when sampling 3D textures in local volumetric fog.</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Fixe an issue where any unhandled exception in <code>InputManager.OnUpdate</code> failed latter updates with <code>InvalidOperationException: Already have an event buffer set! Was OnUpdate() called recursively?</code>. Instead the system will try to handle the exception and recover into a working state.</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Fixed "Default constructor not found for type UnityEngine.InputSystem.iOS.LowLevel.iOSStepCounter" any other potential exceptions due to classes, methods, fields and properties being stripped when managed stripping setting set to medium or high. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-new-input-system-iosstepcounter-crash-on-launch-with-managed-stripping">1368761</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Fixed a performance issue on entering/exiting play-mode where HID device capabilities JSON could be parsed multiple times for a single device. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/input-package-deserializing-json-multiple-times-when-entering-slash-exiting-playmode">1362733</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Fixed a problem where only using runtimes that are not XR supported causes a compile error. This fix adds back in ENABLE_VR checks to prevent this issue.</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Fixed an issue that broke the <code>VirtualMouseInput</code> component in the editor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vitrualmouseinput-stickaction-doesnt-work">1367553</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Fixed an issue where explicitly switching to an already active control scheme and device set for <code>PlayerInput</code> would cancel event callbacks for no reason when the control scheme switch would have no practical effect. This fix detects and skips device unpairing and re-pairing if the switch is detected to not be a change to scheme or devices. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/input-system-button-clicks-are-missed-when-using-switchcurrentcontrolscheme-inside-of-onmousedown">1342297</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Fixed an issue where InvalidOperationException was thrown if an input for an action with multiple interactions is held while disconnecting the device. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/input-system-errors-are-thrown-when-disconnecting-controller-while-holding-a-button-with-press-and-release-set-up-separately">1354098</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Fixed an issue where resetting an action via <code>InputAction.Reset()</code> while being in disabled state would prevent the action from being enabled again. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/new-input-system-disable-reset-enable-makes-controls-being-disabled-forever">1370732</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Fixed current being <code>null</code> for sensors (<code>Accelerometer.current</code>, others). (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/accelerometer-not-working-when-using-input-system-1-dot-1-1">1371204</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Fixed input action for Android gamepad's right stick will be correctly invoked when only the Y-axis is changing. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-input-system-right-analog-stick-tracking-is-erratic-when-using-a-gamepad-connected-to-an-android-device">1308637</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Fixed <code>action.ReadValue</code> and others returning invalid data when used from <code>FixedUpdate</code> or early update when running in play mode in the editor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/enter-key-is-not-registered-when-using-waspressedthisframe-with-input-system-1-dot-1-1">1368559</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Input System: Generic gamepad short display button names where incorrectly mapped on Switch (<code>A</code> instead of <code>B</code>, etc).</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Fixed a crash when exiting Unity Editor related to UnsafeUtility.Malloc usage. (1377694)</p></li>
<li><p>Serialization: Fixed missed invocations of ISerializationCallbackReceiver.OnAfterDeserialization and asserts arising when that interface is implemented on structs inside a MonoBehaviour or ScriptableObject class, along with the presence of SerializeReference fields. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/assertion-failed-error-is-thrown-when-calling-resources-dot-loadall-together-with-linq-expressions">1372710</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Shadergraph: Fixed a ShaderGraph warning when connecting a node using Object Space BiTangent to the vertex stage. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shader-graph-cross-implicit-truncation-of-vector-type-errors-are-thrown-when-connecting-transform-node-to-vertex-block">1361512</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Shadergraph: Fixed a usability issue where in some cases searcher would suggest one collapsed category of results that user would have to manually expand anyway.</p></li>
<li><p>Shadergraph: Fixed an issue that caused exceptions to be thrown when using the up/down arrow keys with search list focused. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shadergraph-searcher-if-a-user-presses-the-up-or-down-arrow-keys-while-searching-for-nodes-in-sg-an-exception-occurs">1358016</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Shadergraph: Fixed an issue that caused incorrect search results with non whitespaced queries for nodes with spaces in their name and for subgraphs. (1359158)</p></li>
<li><p>Shadergraph: Fixed an issue that caused search results to not be visible sometimes in the searcher window. (1366061)</p></li>
<li><p>Shadergraph: Fixed an issue that caused some searcher items to be irreversibly collapsed due to expand icon disappearing on collapsing those items.</p></li>
<li><p>Shaders: Prevent shader cache from growing infinitely. Shader cache is now organized into per asset folders. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shader-cache-grows-indefinitely">1339314</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue where the element under pointer was not updated when pointer position varied very slowly (subpixel amounts on each update). (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/buttons-are-not-registering-mouse-when-the-mouse-is-slowly-moved-over-it">1356041</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed a generated Visual Studio project issue when building to Universal Windows Platform with Visual Studio 2022. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unity-produces-visual-studio-project-that-by-default-doesnt-build-when-using-visual-studio-2022">1378086</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>URP: Fixed a performance regression for 2D shaders where alpha discard was disabled. (1335648)</p></li>
<li><p>URP: Fixed an issue where installing the Adaptive Performance package caused errors to the inspector UI. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/urp-package-throws-compilation-error-cs1525-when-imported-together-with-adaptive-performance-package">1368161</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>URP: Fixed an issue where the Convert Renderering Settings would cause a freeze. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/urp-builtin-to-urp-render-pipeline-converter-freezes-the-editor-when-converting-rendering-settings">1353885</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>URP: Fixed disabled debug lighting modes on Vulkan and OpenGL following a shader compiler fix.</p></li>
<li><p>URP: Fixed incorrect behavior of Reflections with Smoothness lighting debug mode.</p></li>
<li><p>URP: Fixed post processing with Pixel Perfect camera. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/the-tilemap-in-the-game-view-is-over-scaled-and-blurred-when-using-pixel-perfect-camera-and-post-processing-is-enabled">1363763</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Fixed a console error when selecting an object in Scene view hierarchy or creating a new asset.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Fixed NullReferenceException after closing the Plastic SCM window.</p></li>
<li><p>Version Control: Fixed UI overlays in Project view that was missing on changed assets when force checkout was disabled.</p></li>
<li><p>VFX Graph: Fixed a performance drop when Windows screen DPI setting was set to custom values (like 125%).</p></li>
<li><p>VFX Graph: Fixed an issue where there were extra nodes in Ribbon template. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vfx-graph-extra-nodes-and-contexts-are-added-when-premade-ribbon-effect-to-the-graph">1355602</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>VFX Graph: Fixed the compilation error while using not exposed texture in ShaderGraph.</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Fixed a fullscreen mode issue on Safari. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/webgl-fullscreen-mode-does-not-expand-the-players-window-fully-and-has-black-edges-when-using-safari">1347304</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Fixed AudioSource.loop property when using AudioSource.PlayScheduled() and AudioSource.PlayDelayed(). (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/audio-is-not-looping-when-using-playscheduled-in-webgl-build">1337312</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Windows: Fixed an issue where SystemInfo.operatingSystem did not recognize Windows 11. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/reported-cases-are-marked-as-windows-10-when-reported-with-windows-11">1372750</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Windows: UnityCrashHandler.exe will no longer inherit all Windows handles from the editor/player when launched, which should eliminate some problems with it causing files to be locked unnecessarily.</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed an issue where UnitySubsystemsManifest.json file was added to the app bundle instead of apk while building XR app for Android with Build App Bundle option. (1379905)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed for late latching pre drawcall performance regression and world space UI and terrain always drawn at origin. (1337356, 1337972, 1337973)</p></li>
</ul>
