# Unity 2023.1.0 Alpha 18

https://unity3d.com/unity/alpha/2023.1.0a18

## New 2023.1.0a18 Entries since 2023.1.0a17

- [Features](#features)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)


### Features

*   Android: Added build\_fingerprint information to Android builds.
    
*   Package: Added new `IPerformanceModeStatus` to retrieve performance mode and listen to performance mode changes.
    
*   Package: Implemented new APIs to control the lifecycle of Adaptive Performance.
    
*   Package: Integrated Android GameManager APIs.
    
*   Package: Integrated Android PowerManager and PerformanceHintManager APIs.
    
*   URP: Added shadow interoperability with Sprite, Colliders, SpriteShape, and 2D Animation.
    
*   URP: Added soft shadow rendering. Shadow softness can be set on shadow casting Light2Ds.
    

### Improvements

*   2D: Improved user experience for creating Tile Palettes.
    
*   Android: Introduce new event PermissionCallbacks.PermissionRequestDismissed and fallback to Denied if not subscribed; no longer ask again as request can be auto-dismissed by OS. (UUM-15923)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Editor: Improved internal calls to CustomEditorAttributes static methods.
    
*   Graphics: Improved Load/Store Action debugger and added a graphics test.
    
*   Multiplayer: Added Netcode for GameObjects 1.1.0.
    
*   Package: Adaptive Performance Subsystem is using the internal Subsystems module now and removed the subsystem registration. This introduces an internal APProvider class.
    
*   Package: Changed Samsung provider to support the new APIs.
    
*   Package: Improved handling for Samsung GameSDK APIs that may not be available on certain devices.
    

### API Changes

*   Core: Added: Added new Gizmos.DrawLineList() API which allow a sequence of disconnected lines to be drawn with a single API call improving performance over repeated calls to Gizmos.DrawLine().
    
*   Core: Added: Added new Gizmos.DrawLineStrip() API which allow a sequence of connected lines to be drawn with a single API call improving performance over repeated calls to Gizmos.DrawLine().
    
*   Core: Added: Added several new batch Transform APIs that can process multiple points or vectors in a single API call rather than having to make repeated calls on each point in turn which drastically improves performance  
    Transform.TransformPoints() - batch version of Transform.TransformPoint()  
    Transform.TransformDirections() - batch version of Transform.TransformDirection()  
    Transform.TransformVectors() - batch version of Transform.TransformVector()  
    Transform.InverseTransformPoints() - batch version of Transform.InverseTransformPoint()  
    Transform.InverseTransformDirections() - batch version of Transform.InverseTransformDirection()  
    Transform.InverseTransformVectors() - batch version of Transform.InverseTransformVector().
    
*   Graphics: Added: Added RayTracingAccelerationStructure.AddInstances for adding multiple ray tracing instances of a Mesh to the acceleration structure. In ray tracing, this is the equivalent of Graphics.RenderMeshInstanced from the rasterization pipeline.
    
*   Package: Added: Added a C# API to add pip packages.
    
*   Package: Added: Added a C# API to add to site packages.
    
*   Package: Added: Added a C# API to launch an external process with the PATH set up to point to the Python distribution.
    
*   Package: Added: Exposed FBX Recorder Settings class to the public API.
    
*   Package: Added: Exposed function to convert to prefab variant to the public API.
    
*   Package: Added: Exposed functions to pass export options on export to the public API.
    
*   Package: Removed: Removed the remnants of the Python Client API.
    
*   Scripting: Removed: Visual Studio Code package is now deprecated.
    
*   Shaders: Added: Allow passing define directives to the platform compiler (e.g. DXC).
    
*   Universal RP: Added: Added Clearing of Multi Render Targets in RenderingCommandBuffer.
    

### Changes

*   Editor: Updated the package manifest to use terrain-tools 5.0.2 in the Package Manager.
    
*   Package: Added support for exporting texture offset, scale, and wrap mode.
    
*   Package: Updated minimum Unity version to 2020.3.
    
*   Package: Updated Python from 3.9 to 3.10.
    
*   Package: Updated the FBX SDK bindings to 5.0.0-pre.1.
    
*   Package: Updated the minimum Recorder version to 4.0.0.
    
*   Package: Updated the minimum Unity version to 2020.3.
    
*   XR: Added warning if stereo projection matrices are accessed before they have been set.
    

### Fixes

*   2D: Fixed Stencil so it now works when rendering sprites with GPU instancing on. ([UUM-15295](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/sprite-is-not-clipped-using-the-stencil-when-the-material-has-enable-gpu-instancing-enabled))
    
*   Android: Fixed build error when Fullscreen Mode is set to Windowed. ([UUM-15403](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-build-fails-with-errors-when-fullscreen-mode-is-set-to-windowed))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Android: Modified Play Asset Delivery support to now use Google libraries from version 2.0. ([UUM-10802](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-when-using-unity-built-in-play-asset-delivery-integration-together-with-play-core-libraries-2-dot-0-0-plus))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   Build Pipeline: Fixed performance regression when doing a player build with many files in the resource folder. (UUM-17430)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a17._
    
*   DX12: Fixed a validation error when using a depth target as shader resource and depth read after using it in RT. (UUM-16265)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a14._
    
*   DX12: Fixed flickering meshes when using DrawMeshNow() on DX12. ([UUM-11731](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/drawmeshnow-is-not-drawing-mesh-immediately-dx12))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Editor: Added top\_view and bottom\_view support for `WindowLayout.ShowWindowWithDynamicLayout`. ([UUM-17574](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/windowlayout-showwindowwithdynamiclayout-fails-when-creating-a-window-with-a-custom-toolbar))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a16._
    
*   Editor: Added `drawSettings.fallbackMaterial` support in BRG. (UUM-14494)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a14._
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where a different mouse icon appears when hovering over the event slider in the Frame Debugger. ([UUM-17184](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/frame-debugger-event-slider-mouse-is-different-when-hovering-on-the-first-20-percent-of-the-slider))
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where the texture previews only worked with Tex2D types in the Frame Debugger. ([UUM-4099](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/framedebugger-has-no-texture-preview-except-texture2d))
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue where `TextureImporter.GetPlatformTextureSettings` would not perform fix-up on the platform string argument correctly. ([UUM-15361](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unable-to-get-textureoverridesettings-from-buildpipeline-dot-getbuildtargetname-when-trying-to-pass-in-the-platform-string))
    
*   Editor: Fixed character encoding for error messages in the Unity Accelerator. ([UUM-16372](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/tcpprotobufclient-error-is-displayed-in-random-symbols-when-the-os-is-set-to-use-a-non-latin-alphabet-language))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a13._
    
*   Editor: Fixed crash of profiler opened in standalone process. ([UUM-16838](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mac-standalone-profiler-crashing-before-opening))
    
*   Editor: Fixed crash when calling EditorUtility.UnloadUnusedAssetsImmediate(false). ([UUM-11648](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-when-editorutility-dot-unloadunusedassetsimmediate-is-called))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Editor: Fixed instability by keeping the same size for the main window when switching modes. (UUM-8249)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   Editor: Fixed issue where mouse up and mouse down events were reported twice in OnGUI when using the Device Simulator. ([UUM-14340](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/in-device-simulator-ongui-events-are-called-twice))
    
*   Editor: Fixed Preset support for the ParticleSystem and its renderer. ([UUM-2177](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shuriken-renderer-became-disable-in-the-preset-of-the-particle-system-which-leads-pink-shaders-in-the-scene))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Editor: Fixed scene view tools engaging too quickly when bound to mouse buttons. ([UUM-16835](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-mouse-gets-stuck-on-right-click-drag-in-scene-after-right-clicking-anywhere-in-editor))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a13._
    
*   Editor: Fixed upgrading project with missing MonoScripts coming from an incompatible Plugin. ([UUM-15154](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/c-number-script-from-a-package-appears-as-missing-in-the-inspector-window-when-upgrading-a-project-to-a-newer-unity-version))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a11._
    
*   Editor: Modified EditorMode so that the current view size is kept when switching modes unless the mode file asks for it explicitly. ([UUM-16428](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-window-is-resized-when-switching-between-editor-modes))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Editor: Reimplemented the RecompileAfterFinishedPlaying option. ([UUM-16168](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/recompile-after-finish-playmode-option-is-gone))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed BatchRendererGroup draws so that they are now sorted correctly with respect to non-BatchRendererGroup draws. (UUM-17773)
    
*   Graphics: Fixed Editor so it no longer hangs when trying to pick an Entity that is set as unpickable. (UUM-17203)
    
*   Graphics: Fixed ShadowMaps so it now only resolves AA when necessary. (UUM-13371)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a8._
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed a build failure when Script Debugging is enabled on some consoles. (UUM-17064)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a16._
    
*   iOS: Fixed Launch Screen properties so they are now reflected in the Player build without an Editor restart. ([UUM-17063](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-launch-screen-changes-arent-reflected-in-the-build-until-editor-reload))
    
*   License: Modified Unity build to be deterministic when using floating licenses. (LIT-1973)
    
*   Linux: Fixed Scene view Flythrough mode so it now works when using a non-lating alphabet-based keyboard layout. ([UUM-5302](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-scene-view-flythrough-mode-doesnt-work-when-using-a-non-latin-alphabet-based-keyboard-layout))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   Mono: Fixed a crash when mixed callstack debugging was enabled on non-Windows platforms. ([UUM-16791](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-on-startup-when-mixed-callstacks-diagnostics-switch-is-enabled))
    
*   Package: Added cache result of SelectionContainsPrefabInstance in Editor Window to avoid unnecessary recalculations.
    
*   Package: Added optimizations to speed up convert to prefab variant.
    
*   Package: Enabled using lists instead of dictionaries for property channel maps.
    
*   Package: Improved formatting and functions of the FBX exporter.
    
*   Profiler: Modified Module Editor so it now displays list items at the correct height. ([UUM-17534](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/profiler-module-editor-missing-burger-icons))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a16._
    
*   Scripting: Fixed IL Post Processing so it now works when some web proxy settings are defined on the user machine. (UUM-17730)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a15._
    
*   Shaders: Fixed progressive shader warmup so it now terminates when a single shader required three or more calls to warm up.
    
*   Timeline: Fixed Animator culling so it can now be used in conjunction with Timeline without stopping the whole Timeline. ([UUM-17672](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/timeline-stops-when-any-recorded-animator-is-culled))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Added a missing field for setting the current value in the ProgressBar Component of the UI Builder. ([UUM-496](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ui-builder-progressbar-component-is-missing-a-field-for-setting-the-current-value-1))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a10._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Enabled asterisk marking unsaved UXML changes in the UI Builder's UXML Hierarchy to appear. This asterisk is decoupled from the one marking unsaved USS changes. (UUM-8192)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed incorrect width calculated for Labels with style tags. (UUM-8428)
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed objects in UI Builder so it now keeps their actual sizes when zooming in and out. ([UUM-15833](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/objects-in-ui-builder-are-changing-their-actual-size-when-zooming-in-and-out))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a10._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed PropertyField so it now calls registered value changed callback when bound to a Unity Object. (UUM-16651)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a13._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed read-only TextField so it can now be copied. ([UUM-7852](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/input-field-value-cannot-be-copied-in-runtime-when-the-field-is-readonly))
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed internal issue with Editor test and inspector rendering. (UUM-14621)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed ShaderGraph so that changes are now saved in the Mesh Output shader property when saving. ([UUM-563](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vfx-graph-changes-are-reverted-on-save-when-setting-shadergraph-to-none-in-output))
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed some VFX Graphs that were not compiled until the asset was opened. ([UUM-570](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/visual-effects-graph-assets-shaders-are-not-imported-when-launching-unity))
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed undo so it now works with shader property in the Mesh Output context. ([UUM-10400](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vfx-undo-not-working-correctly-with-mesh-outputs-shader))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   VFX Graph: Improved shader input properties synchronization with VFX Graph output context when the shader is deleted or set to None. ([UUM-561](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/deleting-a-shadergraph-keeps-its-exposed-properties))
    
*   VFX Graph: Updated non-deterministic InstancingBatch test in VFX\_URP. (UUM-12828)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a9._
    
*   Web: Updated UglifyJS from 2.7.5 to 3.17.0. (UUM-6914)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   WebGL: Added streaming download of response body in UnityWebRequest. ([UUM-1149](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unitywebrequest-buffers-http-response-in-webgl-player-and-sends-all-elements-at-once-instead-of-one-at-the-time))
    
*   WebGL: Added warning that WebGL builds with the Linux Editor require glibc 2.27 or later (i.e. Ubuntu 18+). ([UUM-1156](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/give-error-when-building-webgl-on-centos7))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   XR: Fixed light culling so that the legacy stereo culling path is now disabled for SRP. ([UUM-14837](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/xr-lights-render-only-when-their-position-is-near-00-0))