# Unity 2023.1.0 Alpha 4
https://unity3d.com/unity/alpha/2023.1.0a4

## New 2023.1.0a4 Entries since 2023.1.0a2


### Features
<ul>
<li><p>Graphics: Added new RayTracingAccelerationStructure.AddInstance signature that allows adding Mesh instances into the acceleration structure for GPU ray tracing. This is the equivalent of Graphics.RenderMesh from rasterization pipeline.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Added Ray Tracing Terrain support for HDRP.</p></li>
</ul>

### Improvements
<ul>
<li><p>Build Pipeline: Improved error handling for builds to show less redundant error messages.</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Used explicit namespace for UnityEditor.PackageManager.Events to avoid conflicts.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Enabled multi-editing for Diffusion Profiles.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Improved rendering by adding caustics support for cinematic eye shader in HDRP material samples eye graph.</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Added a field in the PhysicsManager inspector that exposes the number of 16kb chunks used by PhysX's temporary scratch buffer, the default number of chunks is 4 with a total of 64kb of memory allocated. The scratch buffer size can be seen inside the memory profiler as an allocation root.</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Added a temporary scratch buffer to the Physics simulation, in order to improve performance by avoiding going to the main allocator for small temporary allocations.</p></li>
<li><p>Serialization: Improved performance for cases where endianness needs to be swapped during (de)serialization.</p></li>
</ul>

### API Changes
<ul>
<li><p>Graphics: Added: Introduces Native Renderpass API on CommandBuffer.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added: Material.GetBufferHandle to get the GraphicsBufferHandle in a material property sheet.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added: Material.GetPropertyNames(&lt;PropertyType&gt;) to query the property sheet names in a material based on a given property type.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added: New Foveated Rendering API on the command buffer interface.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added: New overload for CommandBuffer.SetComputeBufferParam, which allows binding a resource with GraphicsBufferHandle.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added: RenderPipeline.IsRenderRequestSupported. Protected method, render pipelines can override this to specify their support for RequestData types.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added: RenderPipeline.ProcessRenderRequest. Protected method, render pipelines can override this to implement the rendering logic for RenderRequests.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added: RenderPipeline.StandardRequest. Use this as the RequestData parameter in SubmitRenderRequest to trigger a default srp render on the specified camera.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added: RenderPipeline.SubmitRenderRequest. Triggers a render with the active render pipeline according to the passed in RequestData.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Added: RenderPipeline.SupportsRenderRequest. Checks the active pipeline whether the given RequestData type is supported.</p></li>
<li><p>SRP Core: Added: An extension method to fetch the Render Pipeline assets from a BuildTarget.</p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Added: Added the necessary Experimental APIs to interact with subsections of the Text. (UUM-4313)</p></li>
<li><p>Universal: Added: UniversalRenderPipeline.SingleCameraRequest. Use this as the RequestData parameter in SubmitRenderRequest to render a single camera.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal: Obsoleted: RenderSingleCamera is now obsolete. Please use RenderPipeline.SubmitRenderRequest with RequestData of the SingleCameraRequest type.<br> Graphics: Camera.SubmitRenderRequests is now obsolete. Please use RenderPipeline.SubmitRenderRequest with RequestData of a supported type such as RenderPipeline.StandardRequest.</p></li>
<li><p>URP: Added: Added light cookies stripping.</p></li>
</ul>

### Changes
<ul>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: ColorField is now UI Toolkit based and does not rely on an IMGUIContainer.</p></li>
<li><p>URP: Foveated Rendering is now integrated in URP for supported platforms.</p></li>
</ul>

### Fixes
<ul>
<li><p>2D: Fixed an asset previews Tilemap Prefabs not being generated due to Grid Components being stripped away during this process. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/tile-palette-prefab-preview-does-not-show-the-correct-image">UUM-2503</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>2D: Fixed an issue where Fill and Erase extents were not added to user preferences when showing a Flood Fill preview while painting with Tilemaps.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Fixed a performance issue caused by redundant depth/stencil stores on some Adreno OpenGL ES drivers. (1429210)</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Fixed an issue where Screen.safeArea was returning the wrong height when building Native app with Unity as a Library. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-screen-dot-safearea-returns-wrong-height-when-building-native-app-with-unity-as-a-library">UUM-515</a>)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>Android: Fixed an overhead of memory allocations in the Vulkan backend issue for allocation sizes between 128kB and 1024kB. (UUM-5966)</p></li>
<li><p>Audio: Fixed an issue where Audio Clip Import Settings were not getting saved when the "Override for Dedicated Server" setting was enabled. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/audio-clip-import-settings-do-not-get-saved-when-the-override-for-dedicated-server-setting-is-enabled">UUM-399</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Build Pipeline: Fixed an issue where clean builds did not remember state about the built files, thus files in a build could not be deleted in subsequent builds.</p></li>
<li><p>Build System: Fixed an issue where thes splashscreen logo could not be removed when it was included in a previous build. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unity-default-resources-contains-unitysplash-cube-when-the-splash-screen-disabled">1400086</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Fixed an issue that whitespace changes in ILPP'd assemblies would not be detected.</p></li>
<li><p>Burst: Fixed some ARM branch instructions not being processed as such.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed a crash when there was a corrupt PrefabInstance. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-awakefromloadqueue-checkgameobjectandcomponentstructure-when-loading-a-scene-manually">UUM-1926</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an  issue with Windows Standalone play started on the wrong screen. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/build-is-launched-in-the-wrong-display-when-main-display-is-changed">1423262</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an incorrectly display C# fixed-size arrays in the UIToolkit inspector. (UUM-4153)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where FBX files with custom property animations where considered as not having animation data at all. (1427122)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where GameObjectChangeTracker was not able to detect GameObject sibling order change.</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where LODGroup editor was not updating immediately when there were changes. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/lods-array-is-not-updated-instantly-when-inserting-new-lods">UUM-5815</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where ObjectField failed to continue to process ObjectSelector events when it was not in focused. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/object-cannot-be-picked-from-the-object-picker-when-calling-unityengine-dot-gui-dot-focuscontrol-null-in-custom-editor-gui">1415249</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where the New launch screen did not bring notification dialogs to front. (UUM-6395)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where there was a missing Edit button for Light Probe UI. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/edit-light-probes-button-in-light-probe-group-component-is-squished">UUM-919</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed an issue where Unsaved scene changes window update. (UUM-2325)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a2.</em></p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed lost references to AnimationClips when the ModelImporter clips settings are modified for the first time. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/assetimporter-updating-existing-animationclip-import-setting-results-in-a-new-internalid-and-lost-references-to-the-clip">1157349</a>)<br>
<em>This has already been backported to older releases and will not be mentioned in final notes.</em></p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Fixed not being able to summon context menu issue when SceneView was active. (1423212)</p></li>
<li><p>Editor: Updated the splash screen to 2023.1. (UUM-8680)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a3.</em></p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed a crash and assertion "Assertion failed on expression: 'texture != NULL'" when baking lighting and cancelling repeatedly when using the progressive lightmapper. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-and-assertion-warning-assertion-failed-on-expression-texture-equals-null-when-baking-and-cancelling-repeatedly">UUM-1368</a>)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed an energy conservation issue which caused light probes to be only 94% as bright as they should. See Upgrade Guide for more info. (UUM-1363)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed an issue where emission color was erroneously reused for different renderers using the same material when they have similar lightmap UVs. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/color-of-baked-lightmaps-is-incorrect-when-a-material-with-emission-is-present-and-generate-lightmap-uvs-is-enabled">UUM-2771</a>)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed an issue where environment lighting was missing from player builds when the scene has not been baked. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/scene-is-brighter-in-standalone-player-if-it-was-open-in-the-editor-at-build-time-1">UUM-2743</a>)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed an OpenCL related compile issue for source customers who have VS 2022 installed. (UUM-7692)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a2.</em></p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed baking stall occuring when baking terrain with holes. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/plm-baking-stalls-with-terrains-containing-lots-of-holes">1408533</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed an issue that SkinnedMeshRenderer and MeshRenderer are now in the same SRP Batch during shadow pass. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/draw-calls-that-batch-in-opaque-pass-do-not-batch-in-shadow-pass-when-some-of-the-draw-calls-come-from-skinnedmeshrenderer-and-some-come-from-meshrenderer">UUM-4336</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed an issue where 2D Textures with multiple faces or images did correctly update their hash values when any face/image was changed and not just the first one. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cubemap-hash-value-changes-only-when-modifying-the-first-face">UUM-2506</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed an issue where Crunched textures appeared too bright in projects in linear color space. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crunched-asset-bundle-sprites-are-too-bright-when-loaded-from-file-in-play-mode">UUM-3200</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed an issue where Mesh.GetBlendShapeBuffer would cause stalls when called with PerVertex layout.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed an issue that Data Driven Lens Flare are not occluded with the volumetric clouds. (1421739)</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed an issue where Shadow near plane could not be set to 0,  and clamped to 0.01 can only occur on Cone, Pyramid and Point Lights.</p></li>
<li><p>HDRP: Fixed an issue where the HDRP Wizzard showed up when opening the Standalone Profiler.</p></li>
<li><p>iOS: Fixed a forcing jobified metal rendering issue where it was disregarding player settings. (UUM-7195)</p></li>
<li><p>iOS: Fixed an issue where the wrong size was sometimes reported for RenderTexture's in Memory Profiler. (UUM-2157)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>Kernel: Fixed aRace condition in DualThreadAllocator when using BatchDelete. (UUM-5941)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a3.</em></p></li>
<li><p>Linux: Fixed an issue where the Server runtime was not responding to SIGTERM and other signals. (UUM-1582)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>macOS: Fixed an issue with exposing profiler markers in non-development players. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/externalgraphicsprofiler-dot-h-exposes-392-profiler-markers-to-release-players-without-kavailabilitynondevelopment-flag-set">UUM-2990</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed an issue where Package Manager Window would throw an error when a package url links was not available and now are disabled.</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fixed  an issue where overlap queries were missing small Mesh Colliders. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/physics-overlap-queries-are-not-consistent-when-used-against-convex-mesh-colliders-with-a-very-small-scale">UUM-6271</a>)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fixed an issue where rotating a GameObject hierarchy with a Rigidbody at it's root, would recompute the body's mass properties for each child collider present in the hierarchy. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/time-spent-in-physics-dot-synccollidertransforms-for-dynamic-rigidbodies-scales-exponentially-with-collider-count">1318791</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fixed an issue where the Anchor Transform Tool gizmo position was not being affected by parent Transform rotation. (UUM-7679)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Fixed Articulation Bodies accepting drives with non-finite values as input. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/articulation-body-drives-teleport-the-whole-chain-to-nan-coordinates-when-given-nan-input">1429317</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Physics: Improved and jobified Physics.SyncTransforms in order to providing up to 70% speed up in general.</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Fixed an issue that taking a memory capture no longer logs a message to the console displaying the temporary file location.</p></li>
<li><p>Scene/Game View: Fixed an imprecision issue when using the Rect Tool in the scene view to rotate a 3D object. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/large-ish-float-error-margins-when-using-the-rect-tool-to-rotate-a-3d-object">UUM-3386</a>)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>Scene/Game View: Fixed an issue where gizmos with bounds near the camera were incorrectly culled. (1429779)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Fixed a validate assemblies issue after build target was changed. (UUM-3562)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Fixed flickering of previews on domain reloads. (UUM-4383)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>Serialization: Fixed an issue where Enums could be displayed in an Integer fields in the Inspector, when working with SerializedReference fields and was doing an Undo operation. (UUM-608)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>Shadergraph: Fixed a compilation bug in BiRP Target in some variants with lightmaps. (UUM-7354)</p></li>
<li><p>SRP Core: Fixed a null reference exception when settings null Render Pipeline Global settings on the Settings provider. (1423712)</p></li>
<li><p>SRP Core: Fixed a serialization error when Recovering Default Volume Profile after it was deleted from the project folder. (1423734)</p></li>
<li><p>SRP Core: Fixed a SerializedObjectNotCreatableException on Volume Component Editors. (1423153)</p></li>
<li><p>SRP Core: Fixed a swaping Volume Component issue in a Volume profile when there was mixed pipeline Volume Components did not override correctly. (1427585)</p></li>
<li><p>SRP Core: Fixed a Volume Component Editor issue where Foldouts states were stored by position instead of state. (1422120)</p></li>
<li><p>Terrain: Fixed an issue where the quality settings did not update the details density in certain conditions. (UUM-7109)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>uGUI: Fixed an issue where the color did not stay when a  disabled uGUI element is re-enabled again.  This was fixed by remoing the color reset in the Canvas Renderer with a uGUI element is disabled. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/color-set-through-canvasrenderer-dot-setcolor-is-reset-when-canvasrenderer-becomes-inactive">UUM-3527</a>)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>uGUI: Fixed incorrect scroll bar handle calculations when clicking inside a scroll container that had a smaller handle rect. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ugui-scrollbar-ping-pongs-between-two-value-values-when-click-and-holding-in-the-interactable-area-around-the-scrollbar">1415690</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Fixed an alignment issue with uitk tree view indentation when imgui's padding was used. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/inconsistent-styling-of-treeview-items-between-imgui-and-ui-toolkit">UUM-3480</a>)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue where newline caused incorrect text size rounding error. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ui-toolkit-labels-width-is-not-extended-causing-additional-empty-lines-when-using-specific-resolutions">UUM-4169</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Fixed EventSystem error logged in Editor when entering and leaving Play mode if there's a UIDocument in the scene. (1428877)</p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Fixed runtime PointerMoveEvent.deltaPosition not precise over time. (UUM-3690)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Fixed some Layout Update Struggling issues related to ScrollViews. (1417765)</p></li>
<li><p>UI Toolkit: Fixed UI Toolkit runtime panels sometimes ignoring clicks in a build. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ui-elements-buttons-no-longer-register-clicks-in-build">1419208</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>URP: Fixed a Gizmo and grid artifact in the editor view. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/urp-ghosting-over-the-mesh-in-the-scene-view-that-affects-gizmos-and-grid">UUM-2299</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>URP: Fixed an issue where camera UI inspector's clearFlag was not respected. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/transition-fading-disappears-and-the-cameras-blue-background-appears-when-using-animator-in-urp">1422234</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>URP: Fixed an issue where the material upgrader was showing up when the URP package was being installed. (UUM-2434)</p></li>
<li><p>VFX Graph: Fixed an isse where the mirrored curve presets to match Shuriken curve editor was missing. (1411514)</p></li>
<li><p>VFX Graph: Fixed an issue where Position ArcSphere was failing with BlendDirection. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vfx-graph-blend-direction-arcsphere-bug">UUM-1295</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>VFX Graph: Fixed and unexpected lossy scale evaluation issue on GPU verses CPU where it's correct. (UUM-539)<br>
<em>First seen in 2023.1.0a1.</em></p></li>
<li><p>Video: Fixed an issue where Audio channel order from the VideoPlayer was not matching what FMOD expects for 5.1/7.1 on Android, both with Vorbis and AAC audio codecs.</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Fixed connection issue between the WebGL player and the profiler. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/backport-webgl-profiler-does-not-autoconnect-on-webgl-builds">UUM-798</a>)</p></li>
</ul>

### New 2023.1.0a4 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a2

### Packages updated
<ul>
<li><p>com.unity.2d.animation: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.animation@9.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">9.0.0-pre.1</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.animation@9.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">9.0.0-pre.3</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.2d.common: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.common@8.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">8.0.0-pre.1</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.common@8.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">8.0.0-pre.2</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.2d.psdimporter: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.psdimporter@8.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">8.0.0-pre.1</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.psdimporter@8.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">8.0.0-pre.3</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.addressables: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.addressables@1.20//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.20.0</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.addressables@1.20//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.20.3</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.burst: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.burst@1.7//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.7.2</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.burst@1.7//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.7.3</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.collab-proxy: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.collab-proxy@1.17//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.17.0</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.collab-proxy@1.17//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.17.1</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.inputsystem: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.inputsystem@1.3//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.3.0</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.inputsystem@1.4//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.4.1</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.purchasing: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.purchasing@4.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">4.1.5</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.purchasing@4.2//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">4.2.1</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.scriptablebuildpipeline: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.scriptablebuildpipeline@1.20//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.20.1</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.scriptablebuildpipeline@1.20//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.20.2</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.services.authentication: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.authentication@2.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">2.0.0</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.authentication@2.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">2.1.1</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.services.cloudcode: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.cloudcode@2.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">2.0.0</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.cloudcode@2.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">2.0.1</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.services.cloudsave: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.cloudsave@2.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">2.0.0</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.cloudsave@2.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">2.0.1</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.services.core: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.core@1.4//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.4.1</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.core@1.4//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.4.2</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.netcode.gameobjects: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.netcode.gameobjects@1.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.0.0-pre.9</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.netcode.gameobjects@1.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.0.0</a></p></li>
<li><p>com.unity.multiplayer.tools: <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.multiplayer.tools@1.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.0.0-pre.7</a> → <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.multiplayer.tools@1.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html">1.0.0</a></p></li>
</ul>
