# Unity 2019.4.4

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2019.4.4

## 2019.4.4f1 Release Notes

- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### Fixes

*   2D: Fix error thrown when SRP is used with a TilemapRenderer in Individual mode whose chunk culling bounds are changed. ([1251456](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/srp-core-exception-thrown-when-placing-a-tile-thats-larger-than-the-tilemap-grid-size))
    
*   2D: Fix generation of collider shapes for TilemapCollider2D with AnimatedTiles while tile is animated
    
*   Asset Import: Fixed an issue where clips did not fill the entire timeline in the Animation Inspector. ([1202394](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/the-total-frames-of-the-animation-does-not-fill-the-timeline))
    
*   Asset Import: Fixed AssetDatabase:ImportAsset instability sometimes fails LiveLink and package CI runs. (1248364)
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Fixed issue triggering Asserts (1238301)
    
*   Editor: Disabled the Texture2D editor in inspector debug mode. ([1197056](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/imported-objects-settings-properties-are-not-saved-in-the-inspector-debug-mode))
    
*   Editor: Fixed callbacks to SceneClosing and SceneClosed in some situations. ([1003257](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editorscenemanager-sceneclosing-and-sceneclosed-callbacks-are-not-called-when-switching-between-scenes))
    
*   Editor: Fixed not being able to build with Linear Color Space after resetting Player Settings ([1163436](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unable-to-build-ios-with-linear-color-space-after-resetting-player-settings))
    
*   Editor: Makes shortcuts value based instead of location based in the Linux editor thereby making shortcuts consistent for all keyboard layouts. ([1186110](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-default-shortcuts-for-different-keyboard-locations-are-physical-location-based-not-letter-based))
    
*   Editor: Objective C and Objective C++ plugin files will now be included when building a project with the IL2CPP backend. (1189679)
    
*   Graphics: Add a getter for GameObject scene culling mask. (1248283)
    
*   Graphics: Fix incorrect uploading of builtin shader parameters such as view, proj, viewProj matrices in some rare situations.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a crash when SetGlobalConstantBuffer was called with a null buffer. ([1254370](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/project-crashes-when-calling-commandbuffer-dot-setglobalconstantbuffer-with-null))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed a crash when using the Inspector to select a different Mesh for a SkinnedMeshRenderer. ([1230006](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-editor-crashes-when-changing-mesh-in-skinned-mesh-renderer))
    
*   iOS: fixed Screen.orientation being Unknown for several frames at startup ([1251276](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/getting-unknown-screen-orientation-for-a-few-frames-when-the-splash-screen-is-disabled))
    
*   Package Manager: Fixed correctly building scripts against the currently enabled built-in packages at editor startup time.
    
*   Particles: Don't try to use GPU Instancing on devices that can't do Structure Buffer reads in Vertex Shaders. (1255008)
    
*   Physics: Fixed an issue where Physics.BakeMesh would not manage calls from multiple threads correctly. ([1200588](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-after-physics-dot-physx-foundation-invalid-registration-detected-errors-show-up-when-using-physics-dot-bakemesh))
    
*   Scripting: Debugger improvements and crash fixes ([1249172](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-crash-on-buffer-add-value-full-when-debugging-with-code-editor-attached))
    
*   Scripting: Fix an error for async debug of a generic method ([1241280](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-when-performing-step-over))
    
*   Scripting: Fixed crash that was occurred when the managed debugger would attempt to load a pdb that had zero sequence points ([1241344](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/macos-editor-crashes-on-mono-log-write-logfile-when-attaching-a-debugger-and-then-setting-a-breakpoint))
    
*   Scripting: Fixing case where ArrayTypeMismatchException was being thrown incorrectly ([1235903](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mono-arraytypemismatchexception-is-thrown-when-using-array-of-generic-icollection))
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.4 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build