# Unity 2023.1.0 Alpha 19

https://unity3d.com/unity/alpha/2023.1.0a19

## New 2023.1.0a19 Entries since 2023.1.0a18

- [Features](#features)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [New 2023.1.0a19 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a18](#new-202310a19-package-changes-since-202310a18)
- [Packages updated](#packages-updated)


### Features

*   2D: Added support for camera frustum culling to Inverse Kinematics Manager 2D.
    
*   Editor: Added UX support for deprecated packages in Package Manager Window. Individually deprecated package versions and Unity packages deprecated for Editor versions will be marked as such in the Package Manager Window. Users will be informed at project startup if they have deprecated packages or versions currently installed.
    
*   HDRP: Added improvements to the SSS lighting model.
    
*   Physics 2D: Added a `Rigidbody2D.Slide` method which allows a Rigidbody2D to be moved with a specific velocity over a specific integration time and perform various slide, gravity, slip, direction-change, and surface-anchoring behaviours automatically. This can be used on all body types including Static. This method can simply calculate a new position, change the Rigidbody2D position immediately (supports interpolation), or defer the movement by automatically calling `Rigidbody2D.MovePosition()`. This feature will make Character Controllers easier to create.
    

### Improvements

*   Animation: Added further improvements to animation job performance, especially to some forms of Inverse Kinematics.
    
*   Editor: Added support for Sketchup 2019 and 2020 file formats to the Sketchup importer. ([UUM-2896](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unity-fails-to-read-imported-sketchup-asset-files-of-versions-2020-or-2021))
    
*   Editor: Implemented various Box2D fixes to the physics runtime.
    
*   Editor: Improved HDRP materials samples transparency scenes by adding Refraction Models examples.
    
*   EmbeddedLinux: Improved startup timings logs which are now enabled via BootConfig parameters, Editor Setting, and has a scripting entrypoint.
    
*   Physics 2D: Added a **useConnectedAnchor** property to HingeJoint2D which controls whether the point-to-point constraint of the connected anchor is used or not. With this disabled, the joint is able to use both the motor and/or rotation limits without being connected to a specific anchor point. This allows the joint to rotate a Rigidbody2D and/or limit the rotation without affecting its position.
    
*   Physics 2D: Added a new `Physics2D.simulatedLayers` property that controls which layers are simulated when the automatic **FixedUpdate** or **Update** simulation modes are used. Additionally, for **Script** simulation mode, `Physics2D.Simulate()` now has an additional argument that allows specific layers to be simulated.
    
*   Physics 2D: Added an argument to Collider2D.CreateMesh() method that allows the option to create a Delaunay Triangulated mesh. This argument can greatly simplify the resultant mesh.
    

### API Changes

*   Editor: Deprecated: Renamed RayTracingAccelerationStructure.RASSettings to RayTracingAccelerationStructure.Settings.
    
*   Physics 2D: Added: Rigidbody2D.MovePositionAndRotation to allow moving both the position and rotation without performing two separate calls.  
    Rigidbody2D.velocityX property to allow setting the Rigidbody2D velocity X component without modifying the Y component.  
    Rigidbody2D.velocityY property to allow setting the Rigidbody2D velocity Y component without modifying the X component.  
    Rigidbody2D.AddForceX() method to allow adding force to the Rigidbody2D velocity X component without modifying the velocity Y component.  
    Rigidbody2D.AddForceY() method to allow adding force to the Rigidbody2D velocity Y component without modifying velocity X component.  
    Rigidbody2D.AddRelativeForceX() method to allow adding relative force to the Rigidbody2D velocity X component without modifying velocity Y component.  
    Rigidbody2D.AddRelativeForceY() method to allow adding relative force to the Rigidbody2D velocity Y component without modifying velocity X component.  
    Rigidbody2D.Cast to allow casting a Rigidbody2D from a specific position and rotation.  
    Collider2D.Cast to allow casting a Collider2D from a specific position and rotation.  
    Rigidbody2D.Distance to allow finding the distance to another Collider2D from a specific position and rotation.  
    Collider2D.Distance to allow finding the distance to another Collider2D from a specific position and rotation.  
    Physics2D.simulationLayers to control which layers are simulated.
    
*   Physics 2D: Changed: Physics2D.velocityThreshold is now Physics2D.bounceThreshold  
    Rigidbody2D.OverlapCollider is now Rigidbody2D.Overlap  
    Collider2D.OverlapCollider is now Collider2D.Overlap.
    
*   Physics 2D: Deprecated: Physics2D.LinecastNonAlloc - Equivalent functionality is "Physics2D.Linecast".  
    Physics2D.RaycastNonAlloc - Equivalent functionality is "Physics2D.Raycast".  
    Physics2D.BoxCastNonAlloc - Equivalent functionality is "Physics2D.BoxCast".  
    Physics2D.CapsuleCastNonAlloc - Equivalent functionality is "Physics2D.CapsuleCast".  
    Physics2D.CircleCastNonAlloc - Equivalent functionality is "Physics2D.CircleCast".  
    Physics2D.OverlapAreaNonAlloc - Equivalent functionality is "Physics2D.OverlapArea".  
    Physics2D.OverlapBoxNonAlloc - Equivalent functionality is "Physics2D.OverlapBox".  
    Physics2D.OverlapCapsuleNonAlloc - Equivalent functionality is "Physics2D.OverlapCapsule".  
    Physics2D.OverlapCircleNonAlloc - Equivalent functionality is "Physics2D.OverlapCircle".  
    Physics2D.OverlapPointNonAlloc - Equivalent functionality is "Physics2D.verlapPoint".  
    Physics2D.GetRayIntersectionNonAlloc - Equivalent functionality is "Physics2D.GetRayIntersection".
    
*   Physics 2D: Obsoleted: Physics2D.autoSimulation  
    Physics2D.changeStopsCallbacks  
    Physics2D.minPenetrationForPenalty.
    
*   Scene/Game View: Added: Added the ability to display similar tools as a single button in the Tools Overlay, with a fly-out context menu to select the active variant.
    
*   UI Toolkit: Added: Added UxmlAssetAttributeDescription to define UnityEngine.Object attributes as part of any VisualElement.
    

### Changes

*   2D: Added support for different sized texture inputs in ImagePacker.
    
*   2D: Disabled Sprite Library modification in the Component's Inspector and added a button to export changes to an Asset.
    
*   2D: Expand and frame on bone selection.
    
*   2D: Fixed pasting unassociated data to Skinning Editor so it no longer throws console errors.
    
*   2D: Modified PSD Importer so that it no longer depends on 2D Animation.
    
*   2D: Moved **Pixel Per Unit** and **Worldspace UV** fill settings adjacent to **Stretch UV** to have all fill settings grouped together.
    
*   2D: Refactored internal triangulation and tessellation APIs.
    
*   2D: Refactored internal triangulation and tessellation APIs.
    
*   2D: Simplified the Psd Layer storage. There is now only one storage: Psd Layers.
    
*   2D: Simplified the Sprite Meta Data storage. There are now 3 storages: Single Sprite, Multiple Sprites, and Mosaiac (Atlased) Sprites.
    
*   Game Core: Changed default shader model to 6.2 to support newer features.
    
*   Graphics: Removed OpenGL ES 2.0 support.
    
*   HDRP: Improved performance of HD light LateUpdates by combining their callbacks.
    

### Fixes

*   2D: Added editor assembly reference to Unity.RenderPipelines.Universal.2D.Runtime.
    
*   2D: Fixed a case where a .psd/.psb with a Main Skeleton assigned would generate incorrect bind poses.
    
*   2D: Fixed a case where a .psd/.psb would not import with the correct layer coordinates.
    
*   2D: Fixed a case where moving vertices forcefully in the Skinning editor could cause a quad reset of the mesh.  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0._
    
*   2D: Fixed a case where multi-selecting Sprite Skins would cause a null reference exception to be thrown.  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0._
    
*   2D: Fixed a case where new bones are not selected after pasting them in the Skinning Editor and an exception is thrown.
    
*   2D: Fixed a case where pasting bones in the Skinning Editor would move bones rather than copy them.  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0._
    
*   2D: Fixed a case where setting IKManager2D's or Solver2D's weight to '0' doesn't update solver's effector position.  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0._
    
*   2D: Fixed an issue where selecting bones in the Skinning Editor after removing any bone in the skeleton throws an exception.  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0._
    
*   2D: Fixed an issue where the Sprite Skin editor would throw an exception if Sprite Renderer doesn't have a Sprite assigned to it.
    
*   2D: Fixed an issue where undoing the addition of a Sprite Skin component would crash the editor.
    
*   2D: Fixed error when a Tile asset with an instanced GameObject is removed from the Tilemap during a Collider2D.OnCollision\*\*\*2D event. (UUM-15455)
    
*   2D: Fixed exception when showing PSDImporter inspector. (Case DANB-195).  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0._
    
*   2D: Fixed IK Manager 2D's inspector slow downs.
    
*   2D: Fixed SpriteShape Extras "Colliders" scene so that it no longer displays warnings in console when opening. ([DANB-97](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/2d-sprite-shape-spriteshape-extras-colliders-scene-causes-warnings-in-console-when-opening))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0._
    
*   2D: Fixed SpriteShapeController so it now initializes collider data. (DANB-18)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0._
    
*   2D: Fixed the Custom Geometry Modifier so that adding a new element no longer spams errors. (DANB-120)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0._
    
*   2D: Improved import speed and memory allocation for psd/psb files by reducing the intermediate texture buffers.
    
*   Android: Fixed InputView so that it's now clickable when isInputFieldHidden is set to True and ConsumeOutsideTouches is set to False. ([UUM-16292](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-keyboard-gets-hidden-when-the-input-field-area-is-clicked-and-touchscreenkeyboard-dot-hideinput-is-set-to-true))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a13._
    
*   Animation: Fixed the rig builder so that it no longer prevents GameObject movement when two animations are playing in layer mixer with root motion masked on second layer. ([UUM-16486](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/rig-builder-prevets-gameobject-movement-when-two-animations-are-playing-at-once))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Asset Bundles: Fixed path issues when loading asset bundles from a local cache that was added using `Caching.AddCache`.
    
*   Build Pipeline: Fixed a potential bug where building players could fail with a sharing violation on a file called buildreport.json\_2.traceevents.
    
*   Editor: Added a property context menu item for prefabs showing the origin of the property value.
    
*   Editor: Fixed ArgumentOutOfRangeException errors in the ModelImporter Inspector when the imported FBX file contains objects with empty names. ([UUM-3177](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/argumentoutofrangeexception-startindex-cannot-be-less-than-zero-is-thrown-when-importing-the-fbx-model))
    
*   Editor: Fixed input issues when cursor is locked. (UUM-17514)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a14._
    
*   Editor: Fixed memory leaks that were detected when generating a preview when an HDRP project was selected. (UUM-8320)
    
*   Editor: Fixed shift key combination would open a debug canvas in playmode. ([UUM-17026](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-debug-canvas-gameobject-gets-added-to-the-scene-when-shift-plus-w-is-pressed-while-in-play-mode))
    
*   Editor: Fixed the inspector window so that it no longer blacks out during addcomponent drawing. (UUM-1565)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a10._
    
*   Editor: Fixed tile palette dropdown flickering issue. (UUM-8307)
    
*   Error: The following errors were found when trying to parse the release notes of this PR:  
    Unexpected 'Fix SPI for non-uniform foveated rendering rasterizer.\\nhttps://jira.unity3d.com/browse/UUM-17564'.
    
*   Graphics: Fixed an issue so that entering playmode with disabled compositor no longer breaks all its layers. ([UUM-11633](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-entering-playmode-with-disabled-compositor-breaks-all-its-layers))
    
*   Graphics: Fixed issue with Texture2D.CreateExternalTexture where sampling of SRGB textures in a project in gamma color space produced wrong results. (UUM-17632)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a15._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed an issue with low resolution depth of field producing a cropped result in some scenarios. ([UUM-11354](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-dof-in-half-or-quarter-resolution-results-in-cropped-frame))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed cloud layer so it now matches with ambient lighting. ([UUM-16954](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-cloud-layer-doesnt-match-with-ambient-lighting))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed color grading so it no longer outputs negative colors. (UUM-11110)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed custom pass scaling issues with dynamic resolution. ([UUM-10882](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/dynamic-resolution-broken-with-custom-pass-3))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed exposure of recorded frames with path tracing and auto exposure. (UUM-14985)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a10._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed issue introduced by a VFX PR which broke DXR VFX.
    
*   HDRP: Fixed migration of diffusion profiles on read only packages. (UUM-14818)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed range of spill removal parameter in graphics compositor UI. ([UUM-11634](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-compositors-chroma-spill-rmoval-spills-magenta-over-the-layer))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed shadergraph using derivatives and Raytracing Quality keyword. ([UUM-8358](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/nodes-using-derivatives-are-not-stripped-out-in-raytracing-even-when-using-the-raytracing-quality-keyword))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed slight change of color in background when changing scene hierarchy. (UUM-14324)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed texture wrapping of cloud layer. ([UUM-15591](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/lowering-cloud-layer-channel-opacity-beyond-a-certain-threshold-results-in-graphical-artifact))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed the volumetric samples. (UUM-16711)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a13._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed transmission on directional lights. ([UUM-15003](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-transmission-from-directional-light-on-thick-object-mode-is-rendered-even-when-object-is-in-shadow))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed volumetric cloud so it now correctly displays in lighting debug mode.
    
*   HDRP: Removed misleading part of a LensFlare tooltip. (UUM-13946)
    
*   HDRP: Removed unused voluimetric clouds volume component on new scenes templates. ([UUM-11451](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-new-scene-templates-created-with-unused-volumetric-clouds-component))
    
*   IL2CPP: Avoid a possible race condition when the garbage collector is enabled or disabled that could cause it to become permanently disabled. (UUM-16300)
    
*   IL2CPP: Corrected the behavior of the System.IO.Compression.ZipArchive API. ([UUM-14582](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/il2cpp-test-fails-when-writing-a-ziparchive-into-a-ziparchiveentry-within-a-parent-ziparchive))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed crash in IL2CPP metadata code when loading a field RVA value. (UUM-17473)
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed DllNotFoundException when setting a file to hidden on non-Windows platforms. ([UUM-14580](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/dllnotfoundexception-is-printed-in-xcode-when-using-file-dot-setattributes-path-fileattributes-dot-hidden-on-ios-devices))
    
*   IL2CPP: Support casts from arrays to interfaces of their reduced type (e.g. int\[\] -> IEnumerable<uint>). (UUM-16304)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Linux: Fixed CinemachineVirtualCamera Component's body's "ScreenY" and "ScreenX" values move towards 1.5 while pressing and moving the mouse. ([UUM-14611](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-cinemachinevirtualcamera-components-bodys-screeny-and-screenx-values-move-towards-1-dot-5-while-pressing-and-moving-the-mouse))
    
*   Mono: Fixed issue where DeflateStream would swallow exceptions instead of throwing them. ([UUM-17185](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/decompressing-deflatestream-swallows-exceptions-when-they-are-thrown-by-the-wrapped-stream))
    
*   Mono: Improved the performance of large struct copies. (UUM-10796)
    
*   Mono: Updated the Brotli compression library to version 1.0.9 to correct CVE-2020-8927. (UUM-15721)
    
*   Scene/Game View: Fixed an issue where the LineRenderer with a size equal to zero would be in frame when pressing on the Frame Selected shortcut. ([UUM-17028](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/scene-focus-incorrectly-focuses-on-an-gameobject-when-the-gameobject-has-an-invisible-line-renderer))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a14._
    
*   Scripting: Fixed an issue so that ILPP now recovers after the ILPP runner is unresponsive. (UUM-17438)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a14._
    
*   Serialization: Fixed issue with using SerializeReference within Prefab Variant where reference to local UnityObjects were not updated properly in Prefab Variant Instance. ([UUM-16434](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/serializereference-working-incorrectly-when-using-prefab-variant))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   Services: Fixed the activation of the Link Project ID button in Services tab when the organization name and project name selected are the same.
    
*   Services: Reset the selected project in Services tab and disabled the Link Project ID button when changing organization.
    
*   Shadergraph: Fixed unity\_StereoEyeIndex error when building XR project with URP Fullscreen master node containing Shader. ([SGB-278](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unity-stereoeyeindex-is-undeclared-in-full-screen-graph-when-using-with-xr))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed a rare crash when opening a project with compute shaders. ([UUM-10259](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-setcurrentmemoryowner-when-opening-the-project))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed asset bundles with shaders not loading correctly on newer versions of Unity. ([UUM-17421](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/assertion-failed-on-expression-m-bufferstobind-shadertype-bind-dot-buffer-equals-equals-null-is-thrown-when-entering-the-play-mode))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed missing scalar-to-vector expansion in bitFieldInsert on Metal. (UUM-17883)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a17._
    
*   Shaders: Fixed rare incorrect shadow rendering when switching render pipelines. ([UUM-7816](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-wrong-material-variant-picked-in-player))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a2._
    
*   SRP Core: Fixed missing documentation and documentation links on Rendering-Debugger and components used for the Runtime UI. (UUM-2438)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   SRP Core: Fixed null exception while selecting a camera on the Rendering Debugger > Volumes > Camera. (UUM-865)
    
*   SRP Core: Fixed popup showing multiple time when trying to remove additional data while in multi selection. (UUM-5452)
    
*   SRP Core: Fixed VolumeComponent visibility without additional attributes. (UUM-16462)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a13._
    
*   Terrain: Added control for the user to choose the smoothness source, either set directly via slider, or from diffuse alpha channel. ([UUM-3886](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mobile-terrain-is-shiny-on-android-slash-ios-platform-when-layer-is-using-2d-texture-with-astc-format))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Enabled display of UI Toolkit warning when the serialized references are missing (as per IMGUI). (UUM-15589)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a11._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed ColorFields so that they now work properly in the UI Builder. ([UUM-9871](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/text-color-and-outline-color-are-not-previewed-correctly-when-opening-the-ui-builder))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed warning in label draggers during runtime. ([UUM-16490](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/warnings-are-spammed-in-the-console-when-hovering-or-clicking-on-the-sliderint-in-the-play-mode))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a10._
    
*   Universal RP: Fixed render scale with SMAA. ([UUM-12495](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/render-scale-is-changing-game-view-size-when-post-processing-is-on-and-anti-aliasing-is-set-to-subpixel-morphological-anti-aliasing))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   Universal RP: Fixed SSAO in URP when using non-uniform rendering. (UUM-15795)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a12._
    
*   URP: Fixed Full Screen Pass functionality when used with XR. ([UUM-12644](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/custom-full-screen-render-pass-does-not-work-on-xr))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a9._
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed the Property Binder so it now takes the space property into account. (1409639)
    
*   VFX Graph: Removed unexpected GC.Alloc while accessing to `state.vfxEventAttribute` in \[VFXSpawnerCallbacks\](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/VFX.VFXSpawnerCallbacks.OnUpdate.html). ([UUM-14769](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vfx-unexpected-garbage-from-spawnoverdistance))
    
*   Web: Fixed a bug on Chrome on iOS where the WebGL canvas cannot regain focus after losing it. ([UUM-1166](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-chrome-ui-button-stops-working-after-opening-new-tab-and-going-back-to-unity-project-tab))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   WebGL: Fixed the WebGL shader preprocessor to handle WebGL shaders that were failing. ([UUM-732](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/shaders-with-number-include-unitycg-dot-glslinc-fail-to-run-when-building-for-webgl))
    
*   WebGL: Improved WebAssembly build options to avoid long link times. Added a new Release build option that is focused on faster build speeds, but note that Development builds are the fastest for iteration. ([UUM-15615](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/webgl-build-times-have-regressed))
    
*   Windows: Fixed IL2CPP runtime compilation failing when building C++ code using Visual Studio 2022 17.4 or newer. ([UUM-17921](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/il2cpp-windows-builds-fails-when-using-vs-2022-17-dot-4-0-preview))
    
*   Windows: Modified full stack traces so that when they are enabled on Windows, Unity will no longer try to resolve symbols from the symbol server. This prevents a potential stall the first time a stack trace is printed. ([UUM-11802](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/stackwalker-is-misconfigured-to-downloads-symbols-from-symbol-servers))
    
*   2D
    
*   2D
    

### New 2023.1.0a19 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a18

### Packages updated

*   com.unity.2d.animation: [9.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.animation@9.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [10.0.0-pre.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.animation@10.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.2d.common: [8.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.common@8.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [9.0.0-pre.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.common@9.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.2d.psdimporter: [8.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.psdimporter@8.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [9.0.0-pre.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.psdimporter@9.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.2d.spriteshape: [9.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.spriteshape@9.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [10.0.0-pre.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.spriteshape@10.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.2d.tilemap.extras: [3.0.2](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.tilemap.extras@3.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [4.0.0-pre.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.2d.tilemap.extras@4.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.inputsystem: [1.4.3](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.inputsystem@1.4//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.4.4](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.inputsystem@1.4//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.testtools.codecoverage: [1.2.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.testtools.codecoverage@1.2//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.2.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.testtools.codecoverage@1.2//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)