# Unity 2020.1.16
https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2020.1.16

## 2020.1.16f1 Release Notes


### System Requirements Changes

### For running Unity games
<ul>
<li>iOS: minimum version incremented to 10.0 (from 9.0).</li>
</ul>

### Fixes
<ul>
<li><p>Build Pipeline: Fixed such that SerializeReference instance types are now preserved when setting Player.Optimization.Managed Stripping Level to Medium or High. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unitylinker-strips-classes-used-with-the-serializereference-attribute">1232785</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Build Pipeline: Fixed such that StreamingAssets AssetBundle manifest is now provided by default to PlayerBuild, which will result in types being referred by AssetBundle being kept in the build even if Player.Optimization.Managed Stripping Level is set to Medium or High.</p></li>
<li><p>GI: Fixed such that TextureImporter now chooses the ETC2 format instead of PVRTC for directional lightmaps by default when build target is iOS. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-directional-lightmap-compression-causes-lightmap-artifacts">1235359</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed crash when optimizing Mesh which contains overlapped indices in sub meshes. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-when-optimizing-mesh-which-contains-overlapped-indices-in-sub-meshes">1288561</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed frame debugger not showing correct keywords when stage-specific shader features are used. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/frame-debugger-does-not-show-all-keywords-used-by-the-shader-when-certain-shader-feature-directives-are-used">1261620</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed separate samplers support for Nintendo Switch.</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed SRP not firing visibility callbacks when an object is indirectly became visible due to shadow culling. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/assertion-failed-on-expression-errors-when-switching-shared-mesh-rapidly">1286377</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Fixed unstable mip streaming tests. (1188754)</p></li>
<li><p>Graphics: Updated SRP packages to 8.3.1.</p></li>
<li><p>iOS: Fixed builtin deferred renderer using 2 extra encoders to just clear GBuffer. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/metal-ios-shadowmask-lighting-causes-two-extra-load-slash-store-actions-when-deferred-renderer-is-used">1277009</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>iOS: Fixed such that Arcade's application is using a prohibited API when using Social API function.</p></li>
<li><p>Package: Updated the Post-processing package to version 3.0.1.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed issues when using Unity Package Manager on Intel's 10th generation processor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/cannot-connect-to-local-package-manager-server-error-is-thrown-when-using-custom-registry-packages-with-10th-generation-intel">1238432</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed the issue where PackageList have null ref errors when domain reload happens during Asset Store list request.</p></li>
<li><p>Package Manager: Fixed the issue where refresh in Asset Store tab would not fit the page.</p></li>
<li><p>Profiler: Fixed a race condition in the Shadow Casters stat, which can cause inconsistent collection of the stat. (1265648)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Fixed crash during Domain Reloads after modifying scripts. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crashes-on-mono-class-init-when-entering-play-mode-after-recompiling-scripts">1262671</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Scripting: Fixed Version Defines not being taken into account by the Define Constraints in the Asmdef inspector. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/packages-unity-tests-framework-constraint-shows-error-when-added">1285024</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Shaders: Fixed native metal shaders failing to import when using caching preprocessor. (1284963)</p></li>
<li><p>Shaders: Fixed options not being parsed for multi_compile_instancing when using caching preprocessor. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/urp-graphics-dot-drawmeshinstanced-does-not-render-an-instance">1285968</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Shaders: Fixed out of bounds access to static const arrays in generated GLSL code. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/opengl-slash-gles-static-const-vector-returns-incorrect-data">1276781</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>Text: Fixed IME getting permanently disabled on focus and / or context change. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/korean-symbols-can-not-be-typed-into-gui-dot-textarea-korean-ime-is-disabled">1091254</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed such that Lumin builds no longer needlessly package pre-compiled managed DLLs into the final MPK. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/lumin-il2cpp-converted-c-number-dlls-are-copied-to-the-build-file">1233875</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed such that Lumin builds now properly include source plugins when building the IL2CPP library. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/lumin-building-for-lumin-ignores-raw-c-or-cpp-plugin-files">1218580</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Fixed VSync not displaying in profiler when VR enabled. (<a href="https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/vr-vsync-is-not-displayed-in-the-profiler-when-running-with-vr-enabled">1114382</a>)</p></li>
</ul>

### Changes
<ul>
<li><p>Shaders: Changed such that the Editor now skips warming up shaders from shader collections in the Preloaded shaders section of Graphics settings.</p></li>
<li><p>XR: Updated verified version of com.unity.xr.legacyinputhelpers to v2.1.6<br> Changelog for 2.1.6 of com.unity.xr.legacyinputhelpers:<br>
Fixes error message when using the color camera<br>
Changes default near clip plane to 0.01f<br>
Fixes rig migration for URP and HDRP.<br>
Support for URP/HDRP v10.1.</p></li>
</ul>

### Improvements
<ul>
<li><p>Mobile: Updated com.unity.mobile.notifications to 1.3.2.</p></li>
<li><p>Prefabs: Improved general prefab editor performance.</p></li>
</ul>

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 8, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.12+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.12.6 and Xcode 9.0 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK</p></li>
</ul>

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:
<ul>
<li><p>Desktop:</p> 
<ul>
<li>OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.12+, Ubuntu 16.04+</li>
<li>Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.</li>
<li>CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>iOS player requires iOS 10.0 or higher.</p></li>
<li><p>Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.</p></li>
<li><p>WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.</p></li>
<li><p>Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities</p></li>
<li><p>Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build</p></li>
</ul>
