# Unity 2020.3.15

https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/2020.3.15

## 2020.3.15f2 Release Notes

- [Features](#features)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [For development](#for-development)
- [Additional platform development requirements:](#additional-platform-development-requirements)
- [For running Unity games](#for-running-unity-games)


### Features

*   Android: Users can include custom asset packs into the build, by adding assets to the directory ending with '.androidpack'.
    
*   Android: When building Android App Bundle with Split App Binary enabled, Unity will create asset packs.
    
*   Version Control: - Plastic: Added support for inviting other members. This option is available from the gear / settings icon.  
    
    *   Plastic: Added support for signing in with Cloud Edition. This is available during the onboarding screen if you have never signed in.  
        
    *   Plastic: Added support for turning off Plastic in their project. This option removes the Plastic metadata from your directory. This option is available under Assets > Plastic SCM > Turn off Plastic SCM  
        
    *   Plastic: Added notification on the Plastic SCM tab title to indicate incoming changes. Users will no longer need to have the Plastic SCM window visible to know there are incoming changes.  
        
    *   Plastic: Auto configuration of SSO  
        
    *   Plastic: Added date column in incoming changes

### Improvements

*   Version Control: - Stability and performance improvements

### API Changes

*   Android: Added: New APIs to manage fast-follow and on-demand delivered asset packs. The APIs wrap Google's PlayCore functionality.

### Changes

*   Android: Android Gradle Plugin version upgraded from 3.6.0 to 4.0.1.
    
*   Android: Gradle version upgraded from 5.6.4 to 6.1.1.
    
*   Version Control: ### Changed  
    
    *   Updating license to better conform with expected customer usage.  
        
    *   Updated documentation file to meet standards.  
        
    *   Updated third-party usage.  
        
    *   No longer requires downloading of the full Plastic client. Basic features will work without additional installation. Features that require the full Plastic client will allow download and install as needed.  
        
    *   Usability improvements around checking in code  
        
    *   Improved update workspace tab UX  
        
    *   Plastic SCM context menu is now available even if the Plastic SCM window is closed

### Fixes

*   Android: Fixed a crash caused by uncaught "java.lang.IllegalStateException: The specified child already has a parent" that mainly affects Android 7.x ([1347211](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/android-crash-with-java-dot-lang-dot-illegalstateexception-the-specified-child-already-has-a-parent))
    
*   License: Fix Licensing Client signature check in the Editor that led to some licenses not being accepted.
    

### System Requirements

### For development

#### OS: Windows 7 SP1+, 10, 64-bit versions only; macOS 10.13+. (Server versions of Windows & OS X are not tested.)

#### CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.

#### GPU: Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.

#### The rest mostly depends on the complexity of your projects.

### Additional platform development requirements:

*   iOS: Mac computer running minimum macOS 10.13+ and Xcode 9.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: Android SDK and Java Development Kit (JDK); IL2CPP scripting backend requires Android NDK.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 (64-bit), Visual Studio 2015 with C++ Tools component or later and Windows 10 SDK
    

### For running Unity games

#### Generally content developed with Unity can run pretty much everywhere. How well it runs is dependent on the complexity of your project. More detailed requirements:

*   Desktop:
    
    *   OS: Windows 7 SP1+, macOS 10.13+, Ubuntu 18.04+
    *   Graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities.
    *   CPU: SSE2 instruction set support.
*   iOS player requires iOS 11.0 or higher.
    
*   Android: OS 4.4 or later; ARMv7 CPU with NEON support; OpenGL ES 2.0 or later.
    
*   WebGL: Any recent desktop version of Firefox, Chrome, Edge or Safari.
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Windows 10 and a graphics card with DX10 (shader model 4.0) capabilities
    
*   Exported Android Gradle projects require Android Studio 3.4 and later to build