# Unity 2023.1.0 Alpha 9

https://unity3d.com/unity/alpha/2023.1.0a9

## New 2023.1.0a9 Entries since 2023.1.0a6

- [Features](#features)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [API Changes](#api-changes)
- [Changes](#changes)
- [Fixes](#fixes)
- [New 2023.1.0a9 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a6](#new-202310a9-package-changes-since-202310a6)
- [Packages updated](#packages-updated)


### Features

*   2D: Added preference option to Tile Palette Preferences for users to choose where they would want to position their mouse cursor when painting on Tilemaps with Z Position.
    
*   Graphics: Added mipmap limit groups for more fine-grained configurability over the single value that applies to all mipmapped texture2Ds.
    
*   Graphics: Added the ability in the Texture2D importer and constructor to add the texture to a project-defined mipmap limit group for more fine-grained control of how texture quality gets affected per quality level.
    
*   Graphics: Added the ability in the Texture2D importer and constructor to exclude the texture from mipmap limits, ensuring that all mips can get uploaded regardless of the quality settings.
    
*   Graphics: Added the runtime-modifiable Texture2D property to toggle excluding the texture from mipmap limits (only for readable Texture2Ds).
    
*   HDRP: Added Generic Rendering Layer mode support.
    
*   HDRP: Specular color on HDRP/Lit and HDRP/StackLit below 2% can be used to suppress specular lighting completely when "Specular Fade" is enabled.
    
*   Kernel: Added functionality to control player connection listen port.
    
*   Shaders: Added standardized shader variant keywords for wave operations.
    
*   URP: Added Custom Post Processing (zero code path) feature in URP. \[RND-177/URP-60\].
    

### Improvements

*   Android: Improved an error message in a corner case when tyring to build Android app after removing valid NDK tools.
    
*   Android: Improved AndroidJavaObject calls with a lot of object parameters or returns (like arrays of strings), now they are a bit faster.
    
*   Build Pipeline: Fixed build player pipeline not correctly retrieving symbol defines for subtarget specified in BuildPlayerOptions. ([UUM-712](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/playersettings-dot-setscriptingdefinesymbols-doesnt-set-symbols-when-buildtarget-parameter-doesnt-match-current-build-target))
    
*   Documentation: Added a summary and code example for IJobParallelForTransform.
    
*   Editor: Improved console allocation performance for external processes on Windows.
    
*   Editor: Improved performance of selecting large numbers of objects in the editor.
    
*   GI: Replaced the "New Lighting Settings" button in the Lighting window with 2 new buttons, labelled "New" and "Clone". One creates a Lighting Settings asset with default settings, while the other bases them off the current settings. ([UUM-10306](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ui-slash-ux-introduce-new-and-clone-buttons-to-the-lighting-settings-asset-field))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   Graphics: Added new RayTracingAccelerationStructure.UpdateInstanceID and RayTracingAccelerationStructure.UpdateInstanceMask C# API signatures to take the handle that was returned by RayTracingAccelerationStructure.AddInstance as argument.  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0._
    
*   Graphics: Changed the scope of Frame Timing Manager FrameTime.GPU on Dx11.
    
*   Graphics: Improved render thread performance (15% lower CPU cost) when dispatching ray tracing shaders on PC (DX12) and Xbox Series.
    
*   HDRP: Added more options to run TAA Sharpening.
    
*   HDRP: Allowed non square reflection probe atlas sizes.
    
*   HDRP: Enabled Progressive Exposure Adaptation in scene view.
    
*   Kernel: Added logging when reporting temp memory leaks.
    
*   License: Upgraded Licensing Client to 1.11.2, which depends on dotnet-6, to ensure compatibility with Ubuntu 22.04.
    
*   Scene Manager: Speed up for saving multiple scenes (around 2.5x faster in a real world project).
    
*   Scripting: Improved pop-up error messages for when attaching scripts to GameObjects. (UUM-2557)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Shaders: Added an editor only option to disable shader optimizations for reduced compile times.
    
*   Undo System: The Undo history now records the name of changed properties ("Modified Intensity") instead of just showing "Modified Property".
    

### API Changes

*   Android: Changed: Updated SupportsAccelerometer() API to return whether a device has an accelerometer sensor or not.
    
*   Asset Import: Added: Added AssetDatabase.AssetEditingScope().
    
*   Core: Added: Added BuildCustomSphereMesh() to DebugShapes.
    
*   Editor: Added: Added GameObjectUtility.DuplicateGameObject(GameObject gameObject) (SMT-206).
    
*   Editor: Added: Added respectSceneVisibilityWhenBakingGI property to LightSettings for offline baking configuration.
    
*   Editor: Added: Exposed Handles.DrawAAPolyLine(Color\[\] colors, Vector3\[\] points) and Handles.DrawAAPolyLine(float width, Color\[\] colors, Vector3\[\] points).
    
*   Editor: Added: Made EditorSceneManager.OpenPreviewScene public API.
    
*   Editor: Changed: Lightmapping.SetAdditionalBakedProbes now accepts a boolean value to indicate if probes should be deringed.
    
*   Graphics: Added: Added CommandBuffer API to pass flags to our native plugin callback managing code to perform device state invalidation if needed. \[Torch-1611\].
    
*   Scripting: Added: Added new UnsafeUtility.MemSwap function which can be used to swap two memory blocks of the same size.
    
*   Services: Obsoleted: Made UserInfo APIs as obsolete.
    

### Changes

*   Input: Changed Input System gamepad from XInput to Windows.Gaming.Input on Windows.
    
*   Windows: Split Unity.exe into two binaries: Unity.exe and Unity.dll. Almost entirety of what was in Unity.exe is now in Unity.dll.
    
*   XR: Updated the AR Foundation related packages to 5.0.0-pre.13.
    

### Fixes

*   2D: Fixed an issue when a recursive depth from instantiating GameObjects using a Tilemap Tile reaches a threshold, an error message is logged and the recursive loop is stopped in the Editor or in Development Players. ([UUM-8380](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-when-painting-tiles-using-the-tilemap-editor))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a2._
    
*   Android: Fixed an issue that Unity warns cmdline-tools version being 0.0 when the component is actually installed.
    
*   Android: Fixed Android Build Settings window on OSX when Unity doesn't have access permissions to SDK directory. (UUM-10700)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Android: Fixed Android mono audio output. ([UUM-9205](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/setting-audiospeakermode-dot-mono-has-no-effect-on-android-devices))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Android: Fixed orientation issues in laptop mode and tablet mode on Chromebooks. ([UUM-782](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/chromeos-pixelbook-can-switch-to-portrait-orientations-which-result-in-vertical-resolution-that-cannot-be-undone))
    
*   Animation: Fixed 'NullReferenceException' when Animator "Any State" transition arrow is selected. ([UUM-7732](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/getting-nullreferenceexception-when-animator-any-state-transition-arrow-is-selected))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a2._
    
*   Animation: Fixed AnimationStream.SetGlobalRotation() that was numerically instable and storing non-normalized quaternions in the internal stream. ([ARB-13](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/assertion-failed-errors-appear-when-using-dampedtransform))
    
*   Animation: Fixed issue where, for some playable graphs, the animated displacement of the animated game object would keep accumulating when the game object was disabled and enabled. The original behaviour can be restored with the keepAnimatorStateOnDisable variable. ([UUM-3486](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/playables-lose-the-animator-state-when-disabling-a-gameobject-with-playables-attached-to-an-animator))
    
*   Asset Import: Added a tag no longer causes issues when running off of the main thread.
    
*   Asset Import: Fixed localPagePos <= page.allocatedSize assert sometimes triggered during imports.
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Fixed an issue that the asset preview thumbnails in the Editor's project window would sometimes be missing reflection probe lighting, this has been fixed and re-baking reflection probes (after making some change, such as to the material) will update thumbnails. ([UUM-1820](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/mesh-is-untextured-in-the-project-browser))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Fixed spritesheet and other previews not being updated in project browser sometimes. (UUM-2811)
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Improved file change detection by including file size in the detection logic. ([1382697](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/picture-dont-get-auto-refreshed-when-substituting-it-with-a-different-picture-of-the-same-name))
    
*   Asset Pipeline: Removed logged error if a preview is requested for an asset that references a deleted asset. (UUM-6963)
    
*   Audio: Fixed doc for GamepadSpeakerOutputType to be used exclusively for playstation 4, playstation 5 platforms and editor platforms only. ([UUM-407](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/error-gamepadspeakeroutputtype-does-not-exist-in-the-namespace-unityengine-occurs-in-the-console-when-building-a-project))
    
*   Build System: Fixed an issue of the exitcode not being set correctly by build.pl when compilation fails. (UUM-12423)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   Burst: Fixed a crash when calling Debug.Log from Burst code in a standalone player. (UUM-10272)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   Core: Fixed crash that could happen on some platforms (e.g. WebGL) when scheduling a non-parallel job due to ABI differences. (UUM-11337)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Documentation: Fixed Scripting API descriptions of two RayTracingAccelerationStructure.AddInstance functions that were inverted. (UUM-10479)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   DX12: Fixed broken vsync in editor game window. ([UUM-2873](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-vsync-game-view-only-doesnt-work-on-dx12-and-vulkan))
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue that the Dedicated Server target is now visibly enabled only if the module is installed.
    
*   Editor: Fixed an issue with Mac standalone builds where the generated Xcode project did reference .bundle plugins as a single plugin. ([UUM-11278](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/on-macos-bundle-plugins-are-broken-when-using-xcode-to-generate-standalone-build))
    
*   Editor: Fixed assembly load order affected the deserilization ordering of animation graphs. This ensures that assembly ordering is kept intact during the assembly redirect and filtering progress. ([UUM-8052](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/getting-error-removing-null-node-when-entering-play-mode-while-animator-is-open-slash-visible-on-screen))
    
*   Editor: Fixed case where Editor would crash when a selected renderer was deleted. ([UUM-3249](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crashes-when-exiting-the-play-mode-while-a-certain-gameobject-is-selected))
    
*   Editor: Fixed crash in LightProbe Gizmo Rendering. ([UUM-10958](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-crash-when-drawing-the-gizmos-for-the-light-probes))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   Editor: Fixed hang when dragging first root GameObject below itself in the Hierarchy. ([UUM-10504](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-hangs-when-gameobject-is-dragged-down-and-released-when-blue-line-appears))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   Editor: Fixed inconsistent allowed characters in different operating systems while creating ShortcutManager profiles. ([UUM-5580](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/editor-profile-name-text-box-allows-to-create-a-name-with-special-characters-on-mac-which-are-restricted-on-windows))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Editor: Fixed sampler error messages and crash when re-initializing the D3D12 graphics backend.
    
*   Editor: Fixed tracking of leaks in thread safe linear allocator. (UUM-10186)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   GI: Fixed an issue where Enlighten RTGI schedules material updates indefinitely when animating the emission color of an emissive mesh renderer. ([UUM-10037](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/enlighten-rtgi-ticks-indefinitely-after-the-emissive-color-of-a-renderer-has-been-updated-via-animation))
    
*   GI: Fixed an issue where the Lighting Window wasn't being closed after pressing the quick button at the bottom of the editor window. ([UUM-10305](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ui-lighting-window-is-not-closed-after-pressing-quick-button-for-auto-generate-lighting-at-the-bottom-of-the-editor-window-1))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   Graphics: Fixed new XR Display headers breaking Oculus App Spacewarp (ASW) due to a problem in back-compat code path. Fix for Vulkan validation error when GFR is disabled. (UUM-7369, UUM-9583)
    
*   Graphics: Fixed sporadic freeze in mesh upload. (UUM-4293)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Graphics: Fixed typo in error message on SkinnedMeshRenderer. (UUM-10159)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed a null ref exception when destroying a used decal material. ([UUM-4353](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-deleting-a-decal-material-that-is-currently-in-use-crashes-the-render-loop))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed an issue that the Shaders now correctly fallback to error shader. (UUM-1417)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed an issue to initialize DLSS at loading of HDRP asset. Previously intialization was too late (ad HDRP pipeline constructor). Moved initialization to OnEnable of SRP asset. ([UUM-5928](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-dlssdetected-doesnt-return-correct-value-when-app-starts))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed an issue to initialize Volume before diffusion profile list. (UUM-7729)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed bad undo behaviour with light layers and shadows. ([UUM-5701](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/light-layer-undo-doesnt-work-for-shadows))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed broken denoiser for ray traced shadows in HDRP. ([UUM-2140](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-dxr-temporal-denoising-is-broken-up-to-2021-dot-3-in-punctuals-raytraced-shadows))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed color grading issue when multiple cameras have same volume properties but different frame settings. (UUM-3314)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed Depth Of Field compute shader warnings on metal. (UUM-7783)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed discrepency in the fog in RT reflections and RTGI between perf and quality. (UUM-7434)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a2._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed Geometric AA tooltip. ([UUM-2294](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-grammar-mistake-in-geometric-specular-aa-tooltip))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed HDR Output behaviour when platform doesn't give back properly detected data. (UUM-6400)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed history transform management not being properly handeled for ray traced area shadows. ([UUM-2150](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-dxr-rt-shadows-ghosts-on-one-view-when-we-have-two-cameras-at-the-same-time))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed RTHandle sampling out of bounds on previous frame pyramid color. This causes sometimes bad pixel values to be reflected. ([UUM-2331](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/use-optimal-settings-for-dlss-in-combination-with-smoothness-settings-for-screen-space-reflections-causes-white-flickering))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed scalarization not scalarizing properly. (UUM-6360)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed shadow dimmer not affecting screen space shadows. (UUM-6512)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed sky rendering in the first frame of path tracing. This also fixes issues with auto-exposure. ([UUM-2427](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-pathtracer-flashing-at-first-frame-blow-up-the-automatic-progressive-exposure-and-create-an-overexposed-converged-frame-when-using-recorder-with-accumulation))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed tessellation in XR. ([UUM-3338](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/xr-sdk-hdrp-tessellation-shader-is-applied-per-eye))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed the error message saying the HDRP is not supported on a certain platform. ([UUM-7419](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-unclear-error-is-printed-when-switched-to-unsupported-platform))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed the majority of GCAllocs with realtime planar probes and on demand update of reflection probes. (UUM-3327)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed the material rendering pass not correctly changed with multi-selection. (UUM-2236)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed the ray traced ambient occlusion not rejecting the history when it should leading to severe ghosting. (UUM-3225)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed tonemapping not being applied when using the Show Cascades debug view. ([UUM-3942](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-tonemapping-not-applied-when-switching-scenes-with-show-cascades-enabled))
    
*   HDRP: Fixed transmission for box lights. (UUM-8765)
    
*   HDRP: Fixed upperHemisphereLuxValue when changing HDRI Sky. ([UUM-3326](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-upperhemisphereluxvalue-always-return-1-despite-which-hdri-texture-is-set-and-whats-displayed-in-the-inspector))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   HDRP: Fixed volumetric clouds fog history issue that leads to severe ghosting. (UUM-4801)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   HDRP: Removed "Sprite Mask" from scene view draw modes as it is not supported by HDRP. ([UUM-3320](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/hdrp-sprite-mask-shading-mode-in-the-scene-view-shows-up-as-missing-shader-for-shader-graphs))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   IL2CPP: Corrected layout structures in memory with an explicit layout and a size parameter. (UUM-9100)
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed a crash in the IL2CPP runtime when the GUID property of a type is obtained for a type with a StructLayout attribute but without a Guid attribute. ([UUM-10859](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-il2cpp-icalls-mscorlib-system-runtimetype-getguid-when-building-and-running-a-project-using-il2cpp-scripting-backend))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed a crash when using GetFiles multiple times for directories with many files on iOS. ([UUM-8885](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-crash-when-calling-directory-dot-getfiles-twice))
    
*   IL2CPP: Fixed an intermittent crash on shutdown when many threads are waiting on a Monitor object inside for a C# lock statement. ([UUM-10374](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-in-getmonitorandthrowifnotlockedbycurrentthread-when-running-the-project-repeatedly-and-using-il2cpp))
    
*   iOS: Fixed an issue that Touch.rawPosition stops changing position when touch is dragged. ([UUM-7581](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-touch-dot-rawposition-changes-position-when-touch-is-dragged))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   iOS: Fixed crash on warming up shader variants with procedural instancing. (UUM-10114)
    
*   iOS: Fixed unity view behavior when in "split view". ([UUM-9081](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/ios-players-resolution-changes-when-opening-a-scene-with-a-different-orientation-if-using-split-view))
    
*   Linux: Fixed dragging prefab with ctrl key down not working. ([UUM-1601](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/linux-ghost-assets-are-left-in-the-scene-while-drag-and-dropping-prefabs-to-scene-while-holding-ctrl-key))
    
*   Linux: Fixed second cursor appearing when toggling between hardware and software cursor modes on Standalone player and Game View on Editor. (UUM-1594)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Linux: Fixed the warning message generated by linux test. (UUM-1593)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Mono: Fixed Interlocked.CompareExchange float on M1. (UUM-9159)
    
*   Profiler: Fixed failures in opening local documentation files from Editor on macOS. ([UUM-6164](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/application-cannot-be-opened-error-on-pressng-help-icon-in-profiler-window))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Scene/Game View: Fixed crash in particular cases when trying to render BRG objects selection outline. (UUM-11676)
    
*   Scene/Game View: Fixed Gizmos.GizmoPickingTests.ClickThroughCanvase tests. (UUM-7826)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a2._
    
*   Scripting: Fixed an issue when using Reflection.Emit a Component type, and calling AddComponent, will fail after a domain reload. (UUM-3996)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Scripting: Fixed an issue where adding a component declared in a nested class could end up adding the wrong component type. ([UUM-9221](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/the-wrong-component-slash-class-gets-added-when-adding-a-nested-class-via-script-that-has-a-duplicate-class-elsewhere))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   Scripting: Fixed Unity sometimes not referencing .winmd files when compiling scripts for the player.
    
*   Shaders: Fixed being able to use SetVector on integer types in compute shaders. ([UUM-5760](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/computeshader-dot-setvector-does-not-work-when-assigning-to-int4))
    
*   Shaders: Fixed SetGlobalInteger not working in compute shaders. (UUM-3271)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Terrain: Fixed an issue that URP fails to render grass Terrain details. ([UUM-9122](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/urp-fails-to-render-grass-terrain-details))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed an issue with numeric fields where entering negative value would yield incorrect values. ([UUM-10177](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/float-field-is-broken-when-entering-a-negative-value-after-highlighting))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed arc glitches at certain angles when using the vector API. ([UUM-7734](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/visual-artefacts-when-filling-an-arc-with-the-ui-toolkit-painter2d))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed BezierCurveTo() glitch when the control points are very close together. ([UUM-9846](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/painter2d-dot-beziercurveto-bezier-curve-is-rendered-with-an-artifact-when-the-second-control-point-is-close-to-the-last-point-of-a-segment))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a2._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed caret in disappearing depending on Reference DPI. ([UUM-2348](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/caret-in-ui-builder-text-field-with-high-reference-dpi-does-not-always-appear-when-typing))
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed last character of wrapped line not selected in text field. (UUM-7592)
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed null-ref exception in UXML preview generation when closing UI Builder. ([UUM-11315](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/nullreferenceexception-object-reference-not-set-to-an-instance-of-an-object-errors-whenever-anything-is-done-in-ui-builder))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a6._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed PropertyField not properly refreshing when SerializedReference type changes. (UUM-4159)
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed shift+tab not working on Mac. (UUM-5098)
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed UxmlValueBounds setting invalid facet value for undefined bound. ([UUM-5696](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/xmlschemaexception-error-appears-when-creating-uidocument-in-ui-toolkit-1))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Fixed vertical scroll bar not working with text fields. (UUM-7626)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a2._
    
*   UI Toolkit: Improved performance of layout update in display:none cases. (UUM-9694)
    
*   Undo System: Fixed an issue to correctly handle additional changes when entering and exiting playmode. ([UUM-9631](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/crash-on-undomanager-registerundooperation-when-exiting-play-mode-after-saving-changes-in-shader-graph))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Universal Windows Platform: Fixed IL2CPP failing to initialize when called from Windows Runtime component.
    
*   URP: Added force depth prepass option when requesting the Depth Texture. (UUM-8273)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   URP: Fixed an issue that the Shaders now correctly fallback to error shader. (UUM-1417)
    
*   URP: Fixed memory leak issue in URP deferred when resizing preview camera window. ([UUM-2385](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/memory-leak-when-previewing-a-prefab-with-a-scene-that-has-many-lights))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a5._
    
*   VFX Graph: Fixed position where VFX are created when VFX asset is dragged to Scene View. (UUM-4749)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   WebGL: Added fallback configuration for company name, product name and product version to ensure the web cache is always enabled. (UUM-3944)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   WebGL: Fixed a division by zero error when calling AudioSource.time. ([UUM-2302](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/webgl-build-crashes-when-calling-audiosource-dot-time))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   WebGL: Fixed playback of audio clips on timeline. (UUM-6801)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a1._
    
*   Windows: Fixed a crash on startup when Vjoy HID device is connected to a computer. ([UUM-8786](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unity-crashing-upon-start-with-a-vjoy-controller-connected))
    
*   Windows: Fixed an Editor issue where entering an IP address for profiling would crash the Editor. (UUM-9247)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a3._
    
*   Windows: Fixed an issue that the UnityPlayer.dll properties sheet is now more complete. ([UUM-10370](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/unityplayer-dot-dll-properties-for-windows-standalone-player-are-incomplete-compared-to-uwp))
    
*   Windows: Fixed executable PDB name when using "Generate Visual Studio" solution build option. ([UUM-10368](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/when-building-windows-player-from-the-editor-with-visual-studio-solution-option-the-pdb-name-for-the-executable-is-incorrect))  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    
*   Windows: Fixed incorrect scan codes that are exposed through KeyControl.scanCode of New Input System. (UUM-9029)
    
*   Windows: Fixed some Unity APIs treating relative paths using the wrong working directory. (UUM-10372)  
    _First seen in 2023.1.0a4._
    

### New 2023.1.0a9 Package Changes since 2023.1.0a6

### Packages updated

*   com.unity.ads: [4.1.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.ads@4.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [4.3.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.ads@4.3//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.recorder: [4.0.0-pre.5](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.recorder@4.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [4.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.recorder@4.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.render-pipelines.core: [15.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.core@15.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [15.0.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.core@15.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.render-pipelines.high-definition: [15.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.high-definition@15.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [15.0.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.high-definition@15.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.render-pipelines.high-definition-config: [15.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.high-definition-config@15.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [15.0.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.high-definition-config@15.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.render-pipelines.universal: [15.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.universal@15.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [15.0.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.universal@15.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.services.authentication: [2.1.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.authentication@2.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [2.2.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.authentication@2.2//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.services.core: [1.4.2](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.core@1.4//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [1.4.3](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.core@1.4//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.shadergraph: [15.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.shadergraph@15.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [15.0.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.shadergraph@15.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.visualeffectgraph: [15.0.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.visualeffectgraph@15.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [15.0.1](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.visualeffectgraph@15.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.xr.arcore: [5.0.0-pre.12](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arcore@5.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [5.0.0-pre.13](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arcore@5.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.xr.arfoundation: [5.0.0-pre.12](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arfoundation@5.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [5.0.0-pre.13](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arfoundation@5.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.xr.arkit: [5.0.0-pre.12](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arkit@5.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [5.0.0-pre.13](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arkit@5.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.xr.arkit-face-tracking: [5.0.0-pre.12](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arkit-face-tracking@5.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [5.0.0-pre.13](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arkit-face-tracking@5.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    
*   com.unity.xr.arsubsystems: [5.0.0-pre.12](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arsubsystems@5.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html) → [5.0.0-pre.13](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.arsubsystems@5.0//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)
    

#### Packages added

*   [com.unity.services.wire@1.1.0](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.services.wire@1.1//changelog/CHANGELOG.html)